h3. Elements By Type
{anchor:org.apache.activemq.util.IOExceptionHandler-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.util.IOExceptionHandler|#org.apache.activemq.util.IOExceptionHandler-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<defaultIOExceptionHandler>|#defaultIOExceptionHandler-element]_ | {html}{html} |
    | _[<jDBCIOExceptionHandler>|#jDBCIOExceptionHandler-element]_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.security.AuthorizationMap-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.security.AuthorizationMap|#org.apache.activemq.security.AuthorizationMap-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<authorizationMap>|#authorizationMap-element]_ | {html}Represents a destination based configuration of policies so that individual
destinations or wildcard hierarchies of destinations can be configured using
different policies. Each entry in the map represents the authorization ACLs
for each operation.{html} |
    | _[<cachedLDAPAuthorizationMap>|#cachedLDAPAuthorizationMap-element]_ | {html}A {@link DefaultAuthorizationMap} implementation which uses LDAP to initialize and update authorization
policy.{html} |
    | _[<lDAPAuthorizationMap>|#lDAPAuthorizationMap-element]_ | {html}An {@link AuthorizationMap} which uses LDAP{html} |
    | _[<simpleAuthorizationMap>|#simpleAuthorizationMap-element]_ | {html}An AuthorizationMap which is configured with individual DestinationMaps for
each operation.{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage|#org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<systemUsage>|#systemUsage-element]_ | {html}Holder for Usage instances for memory, store and temp files Main use case is
manage memory usage.{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.JDBCAdapter-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.JDBCAdapter|#org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.JDBCAdapter-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<axionJDBCAdapter>|#axionJDBCAdapter-element]_ | {html}Axion specific Adapter.

Axion does not seem to support ALTER statements or sub-selects.  This means:
- We cannot auto upgrade the schema was we roll out new versions of ActiveMQ
- We cannot delete durable sub messages that have be acknowledged by all consumers.{html} |
    | _[<blobJDBCAdapter>|#blobJDBCAdapter-element]_ | {html}This JDBCAdapter inserts and extracts BLOB data using the getBlob()/setBlob()
operations. This is a little more involved since to insert a blob you have
to:

1: insert empty blob. 2: select the blob 3: finally update the blob with data
value.

The databases/JDBC drivers that use this adapter are:
<ul>
<li></li>
</ul>{html} |
    | _[<bytesJDBCAdapter>|#bytesJDBCAdapter-element]_ | {html}This JDBCAdapter inserts and extracts BLOB data using the
setBytes()/getBytes() operations. The databases/JDBC drivers that use this
adapter are:{html} |
    | _[<db2JDBCAdapter>|#db2JDBCAdapter-element]_ | {html}{html} |
    | _[<defaultJDBCAdapter>|#defaultJDBCAdapter-element]_ | {html}Implements all the default JDBC operations that are used by the JDBCPersistenceAdapter. <p/> sub-classing is
encouraged to override the default implementation of methods to account for differences in JDBC Driver
implementations. <p/> The JDBCAdapter inserts and extracts BLOB data using the getBytes()/setBytes() operations. <p/>
The databases/JDBC drivers that use this adapter are:
<ul>
<li></li>
</ul>{html} |
    | _[<hsqldb-jdbc-adapter>|#hsqldb-jdbc-adapter-element]_ | {html}{html} |
    | _[<imageBasedJDBCAdaptor>|#imageBasedJDBCAdaptor-element]_ | {html}Provides JDBCAdapter since that uses
IMAGE datatype to hold binary data.

The databases/JDBC drivers that use this adapter are:
<ul>
<li>Sybase</li>
<li>MS SQL</li>
</ul>{html} |
    | _[<informixJDBCAdapter>|#informixJDBCAdapter-element]_ | {html}JDBC Adapter for Informix database.
Because Informix database restricts length of composite primary keys, length of 
<i>container name</i> field and <i>subscription id</i> field must be reduced to 150 characters.
Therefore be sure not to use longer names for container name and subscription id than 150 characters.{html} |
    | _[<maxdb-jdbc-adapter>|#maxdb-jdbc-adapter-element]_ | {html}JDBC Adapter for the MaxDB database.{html} |
    | _[<mysql-jdbc-adapter>|#mysql-jdbc-adapter-element]_ | {html}{html} |
    | _[<oracleBlobJDBCAdapter>|#oracleBlobJDBCAdapter-element]_ | {html}Implements all the default JDBC operations that are used
by the JDBCPersistenceAdapter.
<p/>
Subclassing is encouraged to override the default
implementation of methods to account for differences
in JDBC Driver implementations.
<p/>
The JDBCAdapter inserts and extracts BLOB data using the
getBytes()/setBytes() operations.
<p/>
The databases/JDBC drivers that use this adapter are:
<ul>
<li></li>
</ul>{html} |
    | _[<oracleJDBCAdapter>|#oracleJDBCAdapter-element]_ | {html}Implements all the default JDBC operations that are used
by the JDBCPersistenceAdapter.
<p/>
Subclassing is encouraged to override the default
implementation of methods to account for differences
in JDBC Driver implementations.
<p/>{html} |
    | _[<postgresql-jdbc-adapter>|#postgresql-jdbc-adapter-element]_ | {html}Implements all the default JDBC operations that are used
by the JDBCPersistenceAdapter.
<p/>
Subclassing is encouraged to override the default
implementation of methods to account for differences
in JDBC Driver implementations.
<p/>
The JDBCAdapter inserts and extracts BLOB data using the
getBytes()/setBytes() operations.
<p/>
The databases/JDBC drivers that use this adapter are:
<ul>
<li></li>
</ul>{html} |
    | _[<streamJDBCAdapter>|#streamJDBCAdapter-element]_ | {html}This JDBCAdapter inserts and extracts BLOB data using the
setBinaryStream()/getBinaryStream() operations.

The databases/JDBC drivers that use this adapter are:
<ul>
<li>Axion</li>
</ul>{html} |
    | _[<sybase-jdbc-adapter>|#sybase-jdbc-adapter-element]_ | {html}A JDBC Adapter for Sybase databases{html} |
    | _[<transact-jdbc-adapter>|#transact-jdbc-adapter-element]_ | {html}A JDBC Adapter for Transact-SQL based databases such as SQL Server or Sybase{html} |

{anchor:javax.jms.Queue-types}
h4. The _[javax.jms.Queue|#javax.jms.Queue-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<queue>|#queue-element]_ | {html}An ActiveMQ Queue{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.SlowConsumerStrategy-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.SlowConsumerStrategy|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.SlowConsumerStrategy-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<abortSlowConsumerStrategy>|#abortSlowConsumerStrategy-element]_ | {html}Abort slow consumers when they reach the configured threshold of slowness, default is slow for 30 seconds{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.network.NetworkConnector-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.network.NetworkConnector|#org.apache.activemq.network.NetworkConnector-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<ldapNetworkConnector>|#ldapNetworkConnector-element]_ | {html}class to create dynamic network connectors listed in an directory
server using the LDAP v3 protocol as defined in RFC 2251, the
entries listed in the directory server must implement the ipHost
and ipService objectClasses as defined in RFC 2307.{html} |
    | _[<multicastNetworkConnector>|#multicastNetworkConnector-element]_ | {html}A network connector which uses some kind of multicast-like transport that
communicates with potentially many remote brokers over a single logical
{@link Transport} instance such as when using multicast.

This implementation does not depend on multicast at all; any other group
based transport could be used.{html} |
    | _[<networkConnector>|#networkConnector-element]_ | {html}A network connector which uses a discovery agent to detect the remote brokers
available and setup a connection to each available remote broker{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.broker.region.virtual.VirtualDestination-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.virtual.VirtualDestination|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.virtual.VirtualDestination-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<compositeQueue>|#compositeQueue-element]_ | {html}Represents a virtual queue which forwards to a number of other destinations.{html} |
    | _[<compositeTopic>|#compositeTopic-element]_ | {html}Represents a virtual topic which forwards to a number of other destinations.{html} |
    | _[<virtualTopic>|#virtualTopic-element]_ | {html}Creates <a href="http://activemq.org/site/virtual-destinations.html">Virtual
Topics</a> using a prefix and postfix. The virtual destination creates a
wildcard that is then used to look up all active queue subscriptions which
match.{html} |

{anchor:javax.jms.Destination-types}
h4. The _[javax.jms.Destination|#javax.jms.Destination-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<queue>|#queue-element]_ | {html}An ActiveMQ Queue{html} |
    | _[<tempQueue>|#tempQueue-element]_ | {html}An ActiveMQ Temporary Queue Destination{html} |
    | _[<tempTopic>|#tempTopic-element]_ | {html}An ActiveMQ Temporary Topic Destination{html} |
    | _[<topic>|#topic-element]_ | {html}An ActiveMQ Topic{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.JDBCPersistenceAdapter-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.JDBCPersistenceAdapter|#org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.JDBCPersistenceAdapter-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<jdbcPersistenceAdapter>|#jdbcPersistenceAdapter-element]_ | {html}A {@link PersistenceAdapter} implementation using JDBC for persistence
storage.

This persistence adapter will correctly remember prepared XA transactions,
but it will not keep track of local transaction commits so that operations
performed against the Message store are done as a single uow.{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.store.PersistenceAdapterFactory-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.store.PersistenceAdapterFactory|#org.apache.activemq.store.PersistenceAdapterFactory-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<amqPersistenceAdapterFactory>|#amqPersistenceAdapterFactory-element]_ | {html}An implementation of {@link PersistenceAdapterFactory}{html} |
    | _[<journalPersistenceAdapterFactory>|#journalPersistenceAdapterFactory-element]_ | {html}Factory class that can create PersistenceAdapter objects.{html} |
    | _[<journaledJDBC>|#journaledJDBC-element]_ | {html}Creates a default persistence model using the Journal and JDBC{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.usage.MemoryUsage-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.usage.MemoryUsage|#org.apache.activemq.usage.MemoryUsage-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<memoryUsage>|#memoryUsage-element]_ | {html}Used to keep track of how much of something is being used so that a
productive working set usage can be controlled. Main use case is manage
memory usage.{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.DispatchPolicy-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.DispatchPolicy|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.DispatchPolicy-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<priorityNetworkDispatchPolicy>|#priorityNetworkDispatchPolicy-element]_ | {html}dispatch policy that ignores lower priority duplicate network consumers,
used in conjunction with network bridge suppresDuplicateTopicSubscriptions{html} |
    | _[<roundRobinDispatchPolicy>|#roundRobinDispatchPolicy-element]_ | {html}Simple dispatch policy that sends a message to every subscription that
matches the message.{html} |
    | _[<simpleDispatchPolicy>|#simpleDispatchPolicy-element]_ | {html}Simple dispatch policy that sends a message to every subscription that
matches the message.{html} |
    | _[<strictOrderDispatchPolicy>|#strictOrderDispatchPolicy-element]_ | {html}Dispatch policy that causes every subscription to see messages in the same
order.{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.usage.TempUsage-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.usage.TempUsage|#org.apache.activemq.usage.TempUsage-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<tempUsage>|#tempUsage-element]_ | {html}Used to keep track of how much of something is being used so that a
productive working set usage can be controlled. Main use case is manage
memory usage.{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.usage.StoreUsage-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.usage.StoreUsage|#org.apache.activemq.usage.StoreUsage-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<storeUsage>|#storeUsage-element]_ | {html}Used to keep track of how much of something is being used so that a
productive working set usage can be controlled. Main use case is manage
memory usage.{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.network.jms.ReconnectionPolicy-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.network.jms.ReconnectionPolicy|#org.apache.activemq.network.jms.ReconnectionPolicy-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<reconnectionPolicy>|#reconnectionPolicy-element]_ | {html}A policy object that defines how a {@link JmsConnector} deals with
reconnection of the local and foreign connections.{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.SubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.SubscriptionRecoveryPolicy|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.SubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<fixedCountSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy>|#fixedCountSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-element]_ | {html}This implementation of {@link SubscriptionRecoveryPolicy} will keep a fixed
count of last messages.{html} |
    | _[<fixedSizedSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy>|#fixedSizedSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-element]_ | {html}This implementation of {@link SubscriptionRecoveryPolicy} will keep a fixed
amount of memory available in RAM for message history which is evicted in
time order.{html} |
    | _[<lastImageSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy>|#lastImageSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-element]_ | {html}This implementation of {@link SubscriptionRecoveryPolicy} will only keep the
last message.{html} |
    | _[<noSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy>|#noSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-element]_ | {html}This SubscriptionRecoveryPolicy disable recovery of messages.{html} |
    | _[<queryBasedSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy>|#queryBasedSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-element]_ | {html}This implementation of {@link SubscriptionRecoveryPolicy} will perform a user
specific query mechanism to load any messages they may have missed.{html} |
    | _[<timedSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy>|#timedSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-element]_ | {html}This implementation of {@link SubscriptionRecoveryPolicy} will keep a timed
buffer of messages around in memory and use that to recover new
subscriptions.{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.thread.TaskRunnerFactory-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.thread.TaskRunnerFactory|#org.apache.activemq.thread.TaskRunnerFactory-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<taskRunnerFactory>|#taskRunnerFactory-element]_ | {html}Manages the thread pool for long running tasks. Long running tasks are not
always active but when they are active, they may need a few iterations of
processing for them to become idle. The manager ensures that each task is
processes but that no one task overtakes the system. This is kinda like
cooperative multitasking.{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.broker.region.group.MessageGroupMapFactory-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.group.MessageGroupMapFactory|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.group.MessageGroupMapFactory-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<messageGroupHashBucketFactory>|#messageGroupHashBucketFactory-element]_ | {html}A factory to create instances of {@link SimpleMessageGroupMap} when
implementing the <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/message-groups.html">Message
Groups</a> functionality.{html} |
    | _[<simpleMessageGroupMapFactory>|#simpleMessageGroupMapFactory-element]_ | {html}A factory to create instances of {@link SimpleMessageGroupMap} when implementing the 
<a href="http://activemq.apache.org/message-groups.html">Message Groups</a> functionality.{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.store.kahadb.plist.PListStore-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.store.kahadb.plist.PListStore|#org.apache.activemq.store.kahadb.plist.PListStore-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<pListStore>|#pListStore-element]_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.broker.SslContext-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.broker.SslContext|#org.apache.activemq.broker.SslContext-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<sslContext>|#sslContext-element]_ | {html}Extends the SslContext so that it's easier to configure from spring.{html} |

{anchor:javax.jms.ExceptionListener-types}
h4. The _[javax.jms.ExceptionListener|#javax.jms.ExceptionListener-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<commandAgent>|#commandAgent-element]_ | {html}An agent which listens to commands on a JMS destination{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.store.kahadb.KahaDBPersistenceAdapter-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.store.kahadb.KahaDBPersistenceAdapter|#org.apache.activemq.store.kahadb.KahaDBPersistenceAdapter-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<kahaDB>|#kahaDB-element]_ | {html}An implementation of {@link PersistenceAdapter} designed for use with
KahaDB - Embedded Lightweight Non-Relational Database{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.broker.region.DestinationInterceptor-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.DestinationInterceptor|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.DestinationInterceptor-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<mirroredQueue>|#mirroredQueue-element]_ | {html}Creates <a href="http://activemq.org/site/mirrored-queues.html">Mirrored
Queue</a> using a prefix and postfix to define the topic name on which to mirror the queue to.{html} |
    | _[<virtualDestinationInterceptor>|#virtualDestinationInterceptor-element]_ | {html}Implements <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/virtual-destinations.html">Virtual Topics</a>.{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.network.jms.InboundQueueBridge-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.network.jms.InboundQueueBridge|#org.apache.activemq.network.jms.InboundQueueBridge-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<inboundQueueBridge>|#inboundQueueBridge-element]_ | {html}Create an Inbound Queue Bridge.  By default this class uses the sname name for
both the inbound and outbound queue.  This behavior can be overridden however
by using the setter methods to configure both the inbound and outboud queue names
separately.{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService|#org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<broker>|#broker-element]_ | {html}An ActiveMQ Message Broker. It consists of a number of transport
connectors, network connectors and a bunch of properties which can be used to
configure the broker as its lazily created.{html} |
    | _[<brokerService>|#brokerService-element]_ | {html}Manages the lifecycle of an ActiveMQ Broker. A BrokerService consists of a
number of transport connectors, network connectors and a bunch of properties
which can be used to configure the broker as its lazily created.{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.network.DemandForwardingBridgeSupport-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.network.DemandForwardingBridgeSupport|#org.apache.activemq.network.DemandForwardingBridgeSupport-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<compositeDemandForwardingBridge>|#compositeDemandForwardingBridge-element]_ | {html}A demand forwarding bridge which works with multicast style transports where
a single Transport could be communicating with multiple remote brokers{html} |
    | _[<demandForwardingBridge>|#demandForwardingBridge-element]_ | {html}Forwards messages from the local broker to the remote broker based on demand.{html} |

{anchor:javax.jms.QueueConnectionFactory-types}
h4. The _[javax.jms.QueueConnectionFactory|#javax.jms.QueueConnectionFactory-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<connectionFactory>|#connectionFactory-element]_ | {html}A <a href="http://www.springframework.org/">Spring</a> enhanced connection
factory which will automatically use the Spring bean name as the clientIDPrefix property
so that connections created have client IDs related to your Spring.xml file for
easier comprehension from <a href="http://activemq.apache.org/jmx.html">JMX</a>.{html} |
    | _[<xaConnectionFactory>|#xaConnectionFactory-element]_ | {html}A <a href="http://www.springframework.org/">Spring</a> enhanced XA connection
factory which will automatically use the Spring bean name as the clientIDPrefix property
so that connections created have client IDs related to your Spring.xml file for
easier comprehension from <a href="http://activemq.apache.org/jmx.html">JMX</a>.{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.ActiveMQPrefetchPolicy-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.ActiveMQPrefetchPolicy|#org.apache.activemq.ActiveMQPrefetchPolicy-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<prefetchPolicy>|#prefetchPolicy-element]_ | {html}Defines the prefetch message policies for different types of consumers{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PolicyMap-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PolicyMap|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PolicyMap-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<policyMap>|#policyMap-element]_ | {html}Represents a destination based configuration of policies so that individual
destinations or wildcard hierarchies of destinations can be configured using
different policies.{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.network.jms.OutboundTopicBridge-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.network.jms.OutboundTopicBridge|#org.apache.activemq.network.jms.OutboundTopicBridge-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<outboundTopicBridge>|#outboundTopicBridge-element]_ | {html}Create an Outbound Topic Bridge.  By default the bridge uses the same
name for both the inbound and outbound topics, however this can be altered
by using the public setter methods to configure both inbound and outbound
topic names.{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.RedeliveryPolicy-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.RedeliveryPolicy|#org.apache.activemq.RedeliveryPolicy-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<redeliveryPolicy>|#redeliveryPolicy-element]_ | {html}Configuration options for a messageConsumer used to control how messages are re-delivered when they
are rolled back.
May be used server side on a per destination basis via the Broker RedeliveryPlugin{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.Service-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.Service|#org.apache.activemq.Service-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<broker>|#broker-element]_ | {html}An ActiveMQ Message Broker. It consists of a number of transport
connectors, network connectors and a bunch of properties which can be used to
configure the broker as its lazily created.{html} |
    | _[<brokerService>|#brokerService-element]_ | {html}Manages the lifecycle of an ActiveMQ Broker. A BrokerService consists of a
number of transport connectors, network connectors and a bunch of properties
which can be used to configure the broker as its lazily created.{html} |
    | _[<commandAgent>|#commandAgent-element]_ | {html}An agent which listens to commands on a JMS destination{html} |
    | _[<database-locker>|#database-locker-element]_ | {html}Represents an exclusive lock on a database to avoid multiple brokers running
against the same logical database.{html} |
    | _[<forwardingBridge>|#forwardingBridge-element]_ | {html}Forwards all messages from the local broker to the remote broker.{html} |
    | _[<inboundQueueBridge>|#inboundQueueBridge-element]_ | {html}Create an Inbound Queue Bridge.  By default this class uses the sname name for
both the inbound and outbound queue.  This behavior can be overridden however
by using the setter methods to configure both the inbound and outboud queue names
separately.{html} |
    | _[<inboundTopicBridge>|#inboundTopicBridge-element]_ | {html}Create an Inbound Topic Bridge.  By default this class uses the topic name for
both the inbound and outbound topic.  This behavior can be overridden however
by using the setter methods to configure both the inbound and outboud topic names
separately.{html} |
    | _[<jdbcPersistenceAdapter>|#jdbcPersistenceAdapter-element]_ | {html}A {@link PersistenceAdapter} implementation using JDBC for persistence
storage.

This persistence adapter will correctly remember prepared XA transactions,
but it will not keep track of local transaction commits so that operations
performed against the Message store are done as a single uow.{html} |
    | _[<jmsQueueConnector>|#jmsQueueConnector-element]_ | {html}A Bridge to other JMS Queue providers{html} |
    | _[<jmsTopicConnector>|#jmsTopicConnector-element]_ | {html}A Bridge to other JMS Topic providers{html} |
    | _[<journalPersistenceAdapterFactory>|#journalPersistenceAdapterFactory-element]_ | {html}Factory class that can create PersistenceAdapter objects.{html} |
    | _[<journaledJDBC>|#journaledJDBC-element]_ | {html}Creates a default persistence model using the Journal and JDBC{html} |
    | _[<kahaDB>|#kahaDB-element]_ | {html}An implementation of {@link PersistenceAdapter} designed for use with
KahaDB - Embedded Lightweight Non-Relational Database{html} |
    | _[<ldapNetworkConnector>|#ldapNetworkConnector-element]_ | {html}class to create dynamic network connectors listed in an directory
server using the LDAP v3 protocol as defined in RFC 2251, the
entries listed in the directory server must implement the ipHost
and ipService objectClasses as defined in RFC 2307.{html} |
    | _[<lease-database-locker>|#lease-database-locker-element]_ | {html}Represents an exclusive lease on a database to avoid multiple brokers running
against the same logical database.{html} |
    | _[<levelDB>|#levelDB-element]_ | {html}An implementation of {@link org.apache.activemq.store.PersistenceAdapter} designed for use with
LevelDB - Embedded Lightweight Non-Relational Database{html} |
    | _[<managementContext>|#managementContext-element]_ | {html}An abstraction over JMX mbean registration{html} |
    | _[<masterConnector>|#masterConnector-element]_ | {html}Connects a Slave Broker to a Master when using <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/masterslave.html">Master Slave</a> for High
Availability of messages.{html} |
    | _[<memoryUsage>|#memoryUsage-element]_ | {html}Used to keep track of how much of something is being used so that a
productive working set usage can be controlled. Main use case is manage
memory usage.{html} |
    | _[<multicastNetworkConnector>|#multicastNetworkConnector-element]_ | {html}A network connector which uses some kind of multicast-like transport that
communicates with potentially many remote brokers over a single logical
{@link Transport} instance such as when using multicast.

This implementation does not depend on multicast at all; any other group
based transport could be used.{html} |
    | _[<networkConnector>|#networkConnector-element]_ | {html}A network connector which uses a discovery agent to detect the remote brokers
available and setup a connection to each available remote broker{html} |
    | _[<outboundQueueBridge>|#outboundQueueBridge-element]_ | {html}Create an Outbound Queue Bridge.  By default the bridge uses the same
name for both the inbound and outbound queues, however this can be altered
by using the public setter methods to configure both inbound and outbound
queue names.{html} |
    | _[<outboundTopicBridge>|#outboundTopicBridge-element]_ | {html}Create an Outbound Topic Bridge.  By default the bridge uses the same
name for both the inbound and outbound topics, however this can be altered
by using the public setter methods to configure both inbound and outbound
topic names.{html} |
    | _[<pListStore>|#pListStore-element]_ | {html}{html} |
    | _[<proxyConnector>|#proxyConnector-element]_ | {html}{html} |
    | _[<shared-file-locker>|#shared-file-locker-element]_ | {html}Represents an exclusive lock on a database to avoid multiple brokers running
against the same logical database.{html} |
    | _[<storeUsage>|#storeUsage-element]_ | {html}Used to keep track of how much of something is being used so that a
productive working set usage can be controlled. Main use case is manage
memory usage.{html} |
    | _[<systemUsage>|#systemUsage-element]_ | {html}Holder for Usage instances for memory, store and temp files Main use case is
manage memory usage.{html} |
    | _[<tempUsage>|#tempUsage-element]_ | {html}Used to keep track of how much of something is being used so that a
productive working set usage can be controlled. Main use case is manage
memory usage.{html} |
    | _[<transact-database-locker>|#transact-database-locker-element]_ | {html}Represents an exclusive lock on a database to avoid multiple brokers running
against the same logical database.{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.DeadLetterStrategy-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.DeadLetterStrategy|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.DeadLetterStrategy-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<individualDeadLetterStrategy>|#individualDeadLetterStrategy-element]_ | {html}A {@link DeadLetterStrategy} where each destination has its own individual
DLQ using the subject naming hierarchy.{html} |
    | _[<sharedDeadLetterStrategy>|#sharedDeadLetterStrategy-element]_ | {html}A default implementation of {@link DeadLetterStrategy} which uses
a constant destination.{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination|#org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<queue>|#queue-element]_ | {html}An ActiveMQ Queue{html} |
    | _[<tempQueue>|#tempQueue-element]_ | {html}An ActiveMQ Temporary Queue Destination{html} |
    | _[<tempTopic>|#tempTopic-element]_ | {html}An ActiveMQ Temporary Topic Destination{html} |
    | _[<topic>|#topic-element]_ | {html}An ActiveMQ Topic{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.security.TempDestinationAuthorizationEntry-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.security.TempDestinationAuthorizationEntry|#org.apache.activemq.security.TempDestinationAuthorizationEntry-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<tempDestinationAuthorizationEntry>|#tempDestinationAuthorizationEntry-element]_ | {html}Represents an entry in a {@link DefaultAuthorizationMap} for assigning
different operations (read, write, admin) of user roles to a temporary
destination{html} |

{anchor:javax.jms.Topic-types}
h4. The _[javax.jms.Topic|#javax.jms.Topic-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<topic>|#topic-element]_ | {html}An ActiveMQ Topic{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PendingDurableSubscriberMessageStoragePolicy-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PendingDurableSubscriberMessageStoragePolicy|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PendingDurableSubscriberMessageStoragePolicy-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<fileDurableSubscriberCursor>|#fileDurableSubscriberCursor-element]_ | {html}Pending messages for durable subscribers{html} |
    | _[<storeDurableSubscriberCursor>|#storeDurableSubscriberCursor-element]_ | {html}Pending messages for a durable{html} |
    | _[<vmDurableCursor>|#vmDurableCursor-element]_ | {html}Pending{html} |

{anchor:javax.jms.TopicConnectionFactory-types}
h4. The _[javax.jms.TopicConnectionFactory|#javax.jms.TopicConnectionFactory-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<connectionFactory>|#connectionFactory-element]_ | {html}A <a href="http://www.springframework.org/">Spring</a> enhanced connection
factory which will automatically use the Spring bean name as the clientIDPrefix property
so that connections created have client IDs related to your Spring.xml file for
easier comprehension from <a href="http://activemq.apache.org/jmx.html">JMX</a>.{html} |
    | _[<xaConnectionFactory>|#xaConnectionFactory-element]_ | {html}A <a href="http://www.springframework.org/">Spring</a> enhanced XA connection
factory which will automatically use the Spring bean name as the clientIDPrefix property
so that connections created have client IDs related to your Spring.xml file for
easier comprehension from <a href="http://activemq.apache.org/jmx.html">JMX</a>.{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements|#org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<statements>|#statements-element]_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.security.AuthorizationEntry-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.security.AuthorizationEntry|#org.apache.activemq.security.AuthorizationEntry-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<authorizationEntry>|#authorizationEntry-element]_ | {html}Represents an entry in a {@link DefaultAuthorizationMap} for assigning
different operations (read, write, admin) of user roles to a specific
destination or a hierarchical wildcard area of destinations.{html} |
    | _[<tempDestinationAuthorizationEntry>|#tempDestinationAuthorizationEntry-element]_ | {html}Represents an entry in a {@link DefaultAuthorizationMap} for assigning
different operations (read, write, admin) of user roles to a temporary
destination{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.filter.DestinationMap-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.filter.DestinationMap|#org.apache.activemq.filter.DestinationMap-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<authorizationMap>|#authorizationMap-element]_ | {html}Represents a destination based configuration of policies so that individual
destinations or wildcard hierarchies of destinations can be configured using
different policies. Each entry in the map represents the authorization ACLs
for each operation.{html} |
    | _[<cachedLDAPAuthorizationMap>|#cachedLDAPAuthorizationMap-element]_ | {html}A {@link DefaultAuthorizationMap} implementation which uses LDAP to initialize and update authorization
policy.{html} |
    | _[<mKahaDB>|#mKahaDB-element]_ | {html}An implementation of {@link org.apache.activemq.store.PersistenceAdapter}  that supports
distribution of destinations across multiple kahaDB persistence adapters{html} |
    | _[<policyMap>|#policyMap-element]_ | {html}Represents a destination based configuration of policies so that individual
destinations or wildcard hierarchies of destinations can be configured using
different policies.{html} |
    | _[<redeliveryPolicyMap>|#redeliveryPolicyMap-element]_ | {html}Represents a destination based configuration of policies so that individual
destinations or wildcard hierarchies of destinations can be configured using
different policies.{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.network.NetworkBridgeConfiguration-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.network.NetworkBridgeConfiguration|#org.apache.activemq.network.NetworkBridgeConfiguration-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<ldapNetworkConnector>|#ldapNetworkConnector-element]_ | {html}class to create dynamic network connectors listed in an directory
server using the LDAP v3 protocol as defined in RFC 2251, the
entries listed in the directory server must implement the ipHost
and ipService objectClasses as defined in RFC 2307.{html} |
    | _[<multicastNetworkConnector>|#multicastNetworkConnector-element]_ | {html}A network connector which uses some kind of multicast-like transport that
communicates with potentially many remote brokers over a single logical
{@link Transport} instance such as when using multicast.

This implementation does not depend on multicast at all; any other group
based transport could be used.{html} |
    | _[<networkConnector>|#networkConnector-element]_ | {html}A network connector which uses a discovery agent to detect the remote brokers
available and setup a connection to each available remote broker{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PendingQueueMessageStoragePolicy-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PendingQueueMessageStoragePolicy|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PendingQueueMessageStoragePolicy-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<fileQueueCursor>|#fileQueueCursor-element]_ | {html}Pending{html} |
    | _[<storeCursor>|#storeCursor-element]_ | {html}Pending messages{html} |
    | _[<vmQueueCursor>|#vmQueueCursor-element]_ | {html}Pending messages{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.RedeliveryPolicyMap-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.RedeliveryPolicyMap|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.RedeliveryPolicyMap-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<redeliveryPolicyMap>|#redeliveryPolicyMap-element]_ | {html}Represents a destination based configuration of policies so that individual
destinations or wildcard hierarchies of destinations can be configured using
different policies.{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PendingSubscriberMessageStoragePolicy-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PendingSubscriberMessageStoragePolicy|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PendingSubscriberMessageStoragePolicy-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<fileCursor>|#fileCursor-element]_ | {html}Pending messages{html} |
    | _[<vmCursor>|#vmCursor-element]_ | {html}Pending messages held{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.network.NetworkBridgeFilterFactory-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.network.NetworkBridgeFilterFactory|#org.apache.activemq.network.NetworkBridgeFilterFactory-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<conditionalNetworkBridgeFilterFactory>|#conditionalNetworkBridgeFilterFactory-element]_ | {html}implement conditional behaviour for queue consumers,
allows replaying back to origin if no consumers are present on the local broker
after a configurable delay, irrespective of the networkTTL
Also allows rate limiting of messages through the network, useful for static includes{html} |
    | _[<defaultNetworkBridgeFilterFactory>|#defaultNetworkBridgeFilterFactory-element]_ | {html}implement default behaviour, filter that will not allow resend to origin
based on brokerPath and which respects networkTTL{html} |

{anchor:javax.jms.ConnectionFactory-types}
h4. The _[javax.jms.ConnectionFactory|#javax.jms.ConnectionFactory-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<connectionFactory>|#connectionFactory-element]_ | {html}A <a href="http://www.springframework.org/">Spring</a> enhanced connection
factory which will automatically use the Spring bean name as the clientIDPrefix property
so that connections created have client IDs related to your Spring.xml file for
easier comprehension from <a href="http://activemq.apache.org/jmx.html">JMX</a>.{html} |
    | _[<xaConnectionFactory>|#xaConnectionFactory-element]_ | {html}A <a href="http://www.springframework.org/">Spring</a> enhanced XA connection
factory which will automatically use the Spring bean name as the clientIDPrefix property
so that connections created have client IDs related to your Spring.xml file for
easier comprehension from <a href="http://activemq.apache.org/jmx.html">JMX</a>.{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PolicyEntry-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PolicyEntry|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PolicyEntry-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<policyEntry>|#policyEntry-element]_ | {html}Represents an entry in a {@link PolicyMap} for assigning policies to a
specific destination or a hierarchical wildcard area of destinations.{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PendingMessageLimitStrategy-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PendingMessageLimitStrategy|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PendingMessageLimitStrategy-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<constantPendingMessageLimitStrategy>|#constantPendingMessageLimitStrategy-element]_ | {html}This PendingMessageLimitStrategy is configured to a constant value for all subscriptions.{html} |
    | _[<prefetchRatePendingMessageLimitStrategy>|#prefetchRatePendingMessageLimitStrategy-element]_ | {html}This PendingMessageLimitStrategy sets the maximum pending message limit value to be
a multiplier of the prefetch limit of the subscription.{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.usage.UsageCapacity-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.usage.UsageCapacity|#org.apache.activemq.usage.UsageCapacity-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<defaultUsageCapacity>|#defaultUsageCapacity-element]_ | {html}Identify if a limit has been reached{html} |
    | _[<usageCapacity>|#usageCapacity-element]_ | {html}Identify if a limit has been reached{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerPlugin-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerPlugin|#org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerPlugin-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<authorizationPlugin>|#authorizationPlugin-element]_ | {html}An authorization plugin where each operation on a destination is checked
against an authorizationMap{html} |
    | _[<connectionDotFilePlugin>|#connectionDotFilePlugin-element]_ | {html}A <a href="http://www.graphviz.org/">DOT</a> file creator plugin which
creates a DOT file showing the current connections{html} |
    | _[<destinationDotFilePlugin>|#destinationDotFilePlugin-element]_ | {html}A <a href="http://www.graphviz.org/">DOT</a> 
file creator plugin which creates a DOT file showing the current topic & queue hierarchies.{html} |
    | _[<destinationPathSeparatorPlugin>|#destinationPathSeparatorPlugin-element]_ | {html}{html} |
    | _[<discardingDLQBrokerPlugin>|#discardingDLQBrokerPlugin-element]_ | {html}{html} |
    | _[<forcePersistencyModeBrokerPlugin>|#forcePersistencyModeBrokerPlugin-element]_ | {html}A Plugin which allows to force every incoming message to be PERSISTENT or NON-PERSISTENT. 

Useful, if you have set the broker usage policy to process ONLY persistent or ONLY non-persistent
messages.{html} |
    | _[<jaasAuthenticationPlugin>|#jaasAuthenticationPlugin-element]_ | {html}Provides a JAAS based authentication plugin{html} |
    | _[<jaasCertificateAuthenticationPlugin>|#jaasCertificateAuthenticationPlugin-element]_ | {html}Provides a JAAS based SSL certificate authentication plugin{html} |
    | _[<jaasDualAuthenticationPlugin>|#jaasDualAuthenticationPlugin-element]_ | {html}Provides a JAAS based authentication plugin{html} |
    | _[<loggingBrokerPlugin>|#loggingBrokerPlugin-element]_ | {html}A simple Broker intercepter which allows you to enable/disable logging.{html} |
    | _[<multicastTraceBrokerPlugin>|#multicastTraceBrokerPlugin-element]_ | {html}A Broker interceptor which allows you to trace all operations to a Multicast
socket.{html} |
    | _[<redeliveryPlugin>|#redeliveryPlugin-element]_ | {html}Replace regular DLQ handling with redelivery via a resend to the original destination
after a delay
A destination matching RedeliveryPolicy controls the quantity and delay for re-sends
If there is no matching policy or an existing policy limit is exceeded by default
regular DLQ processing resumes. This is controlled via sendToDlqIfMaxRetriesExceeded
and fallbackToDeadLetter{html} |
    | _[<simpleAuthenticationPlugin>|#simpleAuthenticationPlugin-element]_ | {html}Provides a simple authentication plugin{html} |
    | _[<statisticsBrokerPlugin>|#statisticsBrokerPlugin-element]_ | {html}A StatisticsBrokerPlugin
You can retrieve a Map Message for a Destination - or
Broker containing statistics as key-value pairs The message must contain a
replyTo Destination - else its ignored
To retrieve stats on the broker send a empty message to ActiveMQ.Statistics.Broker (Queue or Topic)
With a replyTo set to the destination you want the stats returned to.
To retrieve stats for a destination - e.g. foo - send an empty message to ActiveMQ.Statistics.Destination.foo
- this works with wildcards to - you get a message for each wildcard match on the replyTo destination.
The stats message is a MapMessage populated with statistics for the target{html} |
    | _[<timeStampingBrokerPlugin>|#timeStampingBrokerPlugin-element]_ | {html}A Broker interceptor which updates a JMS Client's timestamp on the message
with a broker timestamp. Useful when the clocks on client machines are known
to not be correct and you can only trust the time set on the broker machines.

Enabling this plugin will break JMS compliance since the timestamp that the
producer sees on the messages after as send() will be different from the
timestamp the consumer will observe when he receives the message. This plugin
is not enabled in the default ActiveMQ configuration.

2 new attributes have been added which will allow the administrator some override control
over the expiration time for incoming messages:

Attribute 'zeroExpirationOverride' can be used to apply an expiration
time to incoming messages with no expiration defined (messages that would never expire)

Attribute 'ttlCeiling' can be used to apply a limit to the expiration time{html} |
    | _[<traceBrokerPathPlugin>|#traceBrokerPathPlugin-element]_ | {html}The TraceBrokerPathPlugin can be used in a network of Brokers. Each Broker
that has the plugin configured, will add it's brokerName to the content
of a JMS Property. If all Brokers have this property enabled, the path the
message actually took through the network can be seen in the defined property.{html} |
    | _[<udpTraceBrokerPlugin>|#udpTraceBrokerPlugin-element]_ | {html}A Broker interceptor which allows you to trace all operations to a UDP
socket.{html} |
    | _[<virtualSelectorCacheBrokerPlugin>|#virtualSelectorCacheBrokerPlugin-element]_ | {html}A plugin which allows the caching of the selector from a subscription queue.
<p/>
This stops the build-up of unwanted messages, especially when consumers may
disconnect from time to time when using virtual destinations.
<p/>
This is influenced by code snippets developed by Maciej Rakowicz{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsMesageConvertor-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsMesageConvertor|#org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsMesageConvertor-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<simpleJmsMessageConvertor>|#simpleJmsMessageConvertor-element]_ | {html}Converts Message from one JMS to another{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.broker.Broker-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.broker.Broker|#org.apache.activemq.broker.Broker-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<destinationPathSeparatorPlugin>|#destinationPathSeparatorPlugin-element]_ | {html}{html} |
    | _[<forcePersistencyModeBroker>|#forcePersistencyModeBroker-element]_ | {html}A Plugin which allows to force every incoming message to be PERSISTENT or NON-PERSISTENT. 

Useful, if you have set the broker usage policy to process ONLY persistent or ONLY non-persistent
messages.{html} |
    | _[<loggingBrokerPlugin>|#loggingBrokerPlugin-element]_ | {html}A simple Broker intercepter which allows you to enable/disable logging.{html} |
    | _[<multicastTraceBrokerPlugin>|#multicastTraceBrokerPlugin-element]_ | {html}A Broker interceptor which allows you to trace all operations to a Multicast
socket.{html} |
    | _[<redeliveryPlugin>|#redeliveryPlugin-element]_ | {html}Replace regular DLQ handling with redelivery via a resend to the original destination
after a delay
A destination matching RedeliveryPolicy controls the quantity and delay for re-sends
If there is no matching policy or an existing policy limit is exceeded by default
regular DLQ processing resumes. This is controlled via sendToDlqIfMaxRetriesExceeded
and fallbackToDeadLetter{html} |
    | _[<timeStampingBrokerPlugin>|#timeStampingBrokerPlugin-element]_ | {html}A Broker interceptor which updates a JMS Client's timestamp on the message
with a broker timestamp. Useful when the clocks on client machines are known
to not be correct and you can only trust the time set on the broker machines.

Enabling this plugin will break JMS compliance since the timestamp that the
producer sees on the messages after as send() will be different from the
timestamp the consumer will observe when he receives the message. This plugin
is not enabled in the default ActiveMQ configuration.

2 new attributes have been added which will allow the administrator some override control
over the expiration time for incoming messages:

Attribute 'zeroExpirationOverride' can be used to apply an expiration
time to incoming messages with no expiration defined (messages that would never expire)

Attribute 'ttlCeiling' can be used to apply a limit to the expiration time{html} |
    | _[<traceBrokerPathPlugin>|#traceBrokerPathPlugin-element]_ | {html}The TraceBrokerPathPlugin can be used in a network of Brokers. Each Broker
that has the plugin configured, will add it's brokerName to the content
of a JMS Property. If all Brokers have this property enabled, the path the
message actually took through the network can be seen in the defined property.{html} |
    | _[<udpTraceBrokerPlugin>|#udpTraceBrokerPlugin-element]_ | {html}A Broker interceptor which allows you to trace all operations to a UDP
socket.{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.broker.TransportConnector-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.broker.TransportConnector|#org.apache.activemq.broker.TransportConnector-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<transportConnector>|#transportConnector-element]_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.network.jms.InboundTopicBridge-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.network.jms.InboundTopicBridge|#org.apache.activemq.network.jms.InboundTopicBridge-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<inboundTopicBridge>|#inboundTopicBridge-element]_ | {html}Create an Inbound Topic Bridge.  By default this class uses the topic name for
both the inbound and outbound topic.  This behavior can be overridden however
by using the setter methods to configure both the inbound and outboud topic names
separately.{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsConnector-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsConnector|#org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsConnector-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<jmsQueueConnector>|#jmsQueueConnector-element]_ | {html}A Bridge to other JMS Queue providers{html} |
    | _[<jmsTopicConnector>|#jmsTopicConnector-element]_ | {html}A Bridge to other JMS Topic providers{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.store.PersistenceAdapter-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.store.PersistenceAdapter|#org.apache.activemq.store.PersistenceAdapter-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<amqPersistenceAdapter>|#amqPersistenceAdapter-element]_ | {html}An implementation of {@link PersistenceAdapter} designed for use with a
{@link Journal} and then check pointing asynchronously on a timeout with some
other long term persistent storage.{html} |
    | _[<jdbcPersistenceAdapter>|#jdbcPersistenceAdapter-element]_ | {html}A {@link PersistenceAdapter} implementation using JDBC for persistence
storage.

This persistence adapter will correctly remember prepared XA transactions,
but it will not keep track of local transaction commits so that operations
performed against the Message store are done as a single uow.{html} |
    | _[<journalPersistenceAdapter>|#journalPersistenceAdapter-element]_ | {html}An implementation of {@link PersistenceAdapter} designed for use with a
{@link Journal} and then check pointing asynchronously on a timeout with some
other long term persistent storage.{html} |
    | _[<kahaDB>|#kahaDB-element]_ | {html}An implementation of {@link PersistenceAdapter} designed for use with
KahaDB - Embedded Lightweight Non-Relational Database{html} |
    | _[<kahaPersistenceAdapter>|#kahaPersistenceAdapter-element]_ | {html}{html} |
    | _[<levelDB>|#levelDB-element]_ | {html}An implementation of {@link org.apache.activemq.store.PersistenceAdapter} designed for use with
LevelDB - Embedded Lightweight Non-Relational Database{html} |
    | _[<mKahaDB>|#mKahaDB-element]_ | {html}An implementation of {@link org.apache.activemq.store.PersistenceAdapter}  that supports
distribution of destinations across multiple kahaDB persistence adapters{html} |
    | _[<memoryPersistenceAdapter>|#memoryPersistenceAdapter-element]_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.network.jms.OutboundQueueBridge-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.network.jms.OutboundQueueBridge|#org.apache.activemq.network.jms.OutboundQueueBridge-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<outboundQueueBridge>|#outboundQueueBridge-element]_ | {html}Create an Outbound Queue Bridge.  By default the bridge uses the same
name for both the inbound and outbound queues, however this can be altered
by using the public setter methods to configure both inbound and outbound
queue names.{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.broker.Locker-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.broker.Locker|#org.apache.activemq.broker.Locker-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<database-locker>|#database-locker-element]_ | {html}Represents an exclusive lock on a database to avoid multiple brokers running
against the same logical database.{html} |
    | _[<lease-database-locker>|#lease-database-locker-element]_ | {html}Represents an exclusive lease on a database to avoid multiple brokers running
against the same logical database.{html} |
    | _[<shared-file-locker>|#shared-file-locker-element]_ | {html}Represents an exclusive lock on a database to avoid multiple brokers running
against the same logical database.{html} |
    | _[<transact-database-locker>|#transact-database-locker-element]_ | {html}Represents an exclusive lock on a database to avoid multiple brokers running
against the same logical database.{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.MessageEvictionStrategy-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.MessageEvictionStrategy|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.MessageEvictionStrategy-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<oldestMessageEvictionStrategy>|#oldestMessageEvictionStrategy-element]_ | {html}An eviction strategy which evicts the oldest message first (which is the
default).{html} |
    | _[<oldestMessageWithLowestPriorityEvictionStrategy>|#oldestMessageWithLowestPriorityEvictionStrategy-element]_ | {html}An eviction strategy which evicts the oldest message with the lowest priority first.{html} |
    | _[<uniquePropertyMessageEvictionStrategy>|#uniquePropertyMessageEvictionStrategy-element]_ | {html}An eviction strategy which evicts the oldest message within messages with the same property value{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.broker.jmx.ManagementContext-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.broker.jmx.ManagementContext|#org.apache.activemq.broker.jmx.ManagementContext-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<managementContext>|#managementContext-element]_ | {html}An abstraction over JMX mbean registration{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.filter.DestinationMapEntry-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.filter.DestinationMapEntry|#org.apache.activemq.filter.DestinationMapEntry-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<authorizationEntry>|#authorizationEntry-element]_ | {html}Represents an entry in a {@link DefaultAuthorizationMap} for assigning
different operations (read, write, admin) of user roles to a specific
destination or a hierarchical wildcard area of destinations.{html} |
    | _[<destinationEntry>|#destinationEntry-element]_ | {html}A default entry in a DestinationMap which holds a single value.{html} |
    | _[<filteredKahaDB>|#filteredKahaDB-element]_ | {html}{html} |
    | _[<policyEntry>|#policyEntry-element]_ | {html}Represents an entry in a {@link PolicyMap} for assigning policies to a
specific destination or a hierarchical wildcard area of destinations.{html} |
    | _[<redeliveryPolicy>|#redeliveryPolicy-element]_ | {html}Configuration options for a messageConsumer used to control how messages are re-delivered when they
are rolled back.
May be used server side on a per destination basis via the Broker RedeliveryPlugin{html} |
    | _[<tempDestinationAuthorizationEntry>|#tempDestinationAuthorizationEntry-element]_ | {html}Represents an entry in a {@link DefaultAuthorizationMap} for assigning
different operations (read, write, admin) of user roles to a temporary
destination{html} |


{anchor:abortSlowConsumerStrategy-element}
h3. The _[<abortSlowConsumerStrategy>|#abortSlowConsumerStrategy-element]_ Element
    {html}Abort slow consumers when they reach the configured threshold of slowness, default is slow for 30 seconds{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | abortConnection | _boolean_ | {html}abort the consumers connection rather than sending a stop command to the remote consumer{html} |
    | brokerService | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.Broker|#org.apache.activemq.broker.Broker-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | checkPeriod | _long_ | {html}time in milliseconds between checks for slow subscriptions{html} |
    | maxSlowCount | _long_ | {html}number of times a subscription can be deemed slow before triggering abort
effect depends on dispatch rate as slow determination is done on dispatch{html} |
    | maxSlowDuration | _long_ | {html}time in milliseconds that a sub can remain slow before triggering
an abort.{html} |
    | name | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:amqPersistenceAdapter-element}
h3. The _[<amqPersistenceAdapter>|#amqPersistenceAdapter-element]_ Element
    {html}An implementation of {@link PersistenceAdapter} designed for use with a
{@link Journal} and then check pointing asynchronously on a timeout with some
other long term persistent storage.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | archiveDataLogs | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | asyncDataManager | _org.apache.activemq.kaha.impl.async.AsyncDataManager_ | {html}{html} |
    | brokerName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | brokerService | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService|#org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | checkpointInterval | _long_ | {html}{html} |
    | cleanupInterval | _long_ | {html}{html} |
    | directory | _java.io.File_ | {html}{html} |
    | directoryArchive | _java.io.File_ | {html}{html} |
    | disableLocking | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | forceRecoverReferenceStore | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | indexBinSize | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | indexKeySize | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | indexLoadFactor | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | indexMaxBinSize | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | indexPageSize | _java.lang.String_ | {html}When set using Xbean, values of the form "20 Mb", "1024kb", and "1g" can be used{html} |
    | journalThreadPriority | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | maxCheckpointMessageAddSize | _java.lang.String_ | {html}When set using Xbean, values of the form "20 Mb", "1024kb", and "1g" can be used{html} |
    | maxFileLength | _java.lang.String_ | {html}When set using Xbean, values of the form "20 Mb", "1024kb", and "1g" can be used{html} |
    | maxReferenceFileLength | _java.lang.String_ | {html}When set using Xbean, values of the form "20 Mb", "1024kb", and "1g" can be used{html} |
    | persistentIndex | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | recoverReferenceStore | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | referenceStoreAdapter | _org.apache.activemq.store.ReferenceStoreAdapter_ | {html}{html} |
    | syncOnWrite | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | taskRunnerFactory | _[org.apache.activemq.thread.TaskRunnerFactory|#org.apache.activemq.thread.TaskRunnerFactory-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | usageManager | _[org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage|#org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | useDedicatedTaskRunner | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | useNio | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | wireFormat | _org.apache.activemq.wireformat.WireFormat_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:amqPersistenceAdapterFactory-element}
h3. The _[<amqPersistenceAdapterFactory>|#amqPersistenceAdapterFactory-element]_ Element
    {html}An implementation of {@link PersistenceAdapterFactory}{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | brokerName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | checkpointInterval | _long_ | {html}{html} |
    | cleanupInterval | _long_ | {html}{html} |
    | dataDirectory | _java.io.File_ | {html}{html} |
    | forceRecoverReferenceStore | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | indexBinSize | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | indexKeySize | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | indexLoadFactor | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | indexMaxBinSize | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | indexPageSize | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | journalThreadPriority | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | maxFileLength | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | maxReferenceFileLength | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | persistentIndex | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | recoverReferenceStore | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | referenceStoreAdapter | _org.apache.activemq.store.ReferenceStoreAdapter_ | {html}{html} |
    | syncOnTransaction | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | syncOnWrite | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | taskRunnerFactory | _[org.apache.activemq.thread.TaskRunnerFactory|#org.apache.activemq.thread.TaskRunnerFactory-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | useDedicatedTaskRunner | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | useNio | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:authenticationUser-element}
h3. The _[<authenticationUser>|#authenticationUser-element]_ Element
    {html}A helper object used to configure simple authentiaction plugin{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | groups | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | password | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | username | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:authorizationEntry-element}
h3. The _[<authorizationEntry>|#authorizationEntry-element]_ Element
    {html}Represents an entry in a {@link DefaultAuthorizationMap} for assigning
different operations (read, write, admin) of user roles to a specific
destination or a hierarchical wildcard area of destinations.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | admin | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | adminACLs | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | destination | _[org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination|#org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | groupClass | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | queue | _java.lang.String_ | {html}A helper method to set the destination from a configuration file{html} |
    | read | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | readACLs | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | tempQueue | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | tempTopic | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | topic | _java.lang.String_ | {html}A helper method to set the destination from a configuration file{html} |
    | write | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | writeACLs | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}{html} |

{anchor:authorizationMap-element}
h3. The _[<authorizationMap>|#authorizationMap-element]_ Element
    {html}Represents a destination based configuration of policies so that individual
destinations or wildcard hierarchies of destinations can be configured using
different policies. Each entry in the map represents the authorization ACLs
for each operation.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | authorizationEntries | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}Sets the individual entries on the authorization map{html} |
    | defaultEntry | _[org.apache.activemq.security.AuthorizationEntry|#org.apache.activemq.security.AuthorizationEntry-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | entries | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}A helper method to allow the destination map to be populated from a
dependency injection framework such as Spring{html} |
    | tempDestinationAuthorizationEntry | _[org.apache.activemq.security.TempDestinationAuthorizationEntry|#org.apache.activemq.security.TempDestinationAuthorizationEntry-types]_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:authorizationPlugin-element}
h3. The _[<authorizationPlugin>|#authorizationPlugin-element]_ Element
    {html}An authorization plugin where each operation on a destination is checked
against an authorizationMap{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | map | _[org.apache.activemq.security.AuthorizationMap|#org.apache.activemq.security.AuthorizationMap-types]_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:axionJDBCAdapter-element}
h3. The _[<axionJDBCAdapter>|#axionJDBCAdapter-element]_ Element
    {html}Axion specific Adapter.

Axion does not seem to support ALTER statements or sub-selects.  This means:
- We cannot auto upgrade the schema was we roll out new versions of ActiveMQ
- We cannot delete durable sub messages that have be acknowledged by all consumers.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | batchStatments | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | maxRows | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | statements | _[org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements|#org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | useExternalMessageReferences | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:blobJDBCAdapter-element}
h3. The _[<blobJDBCAdapter>|#blobJDBCAdapter-element]_ Element
    {html}This JDBCAdapter inserts and extracts BLOB data using the getBlob()/setBlob()
operations. This is a little more involved since to insert a blob you have
to:

1: insert empty blob. 2: select the blob 3: finally update the blob with data
value.

The databases/JDBC drivers that use this adapter are:
<ul>
<li></li>
</ul>{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | batchStatments | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | maxRows | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | statements | _[org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements|#org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | useExternalMessageReferences | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:broker-element}
h3. The _[<broker>|#broker-element]_ Element
    {html}An ActiveMQ Message Broker. It consists of a number of transport
connectors, network connectors and a bunch of properties which can be used to
configure the broker as its lazily created.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | adminView | _org.apache.activemq.broker.jmx.BrokerView_ | {html}Returns the administration view of the broker; used to create and destroy
resources such as queues and topics. Note this method returns null if JMX
is disabled.{html} |
    | advisorySupport | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Allows the support of advisory messages to be disabled for performance
reasons.{html} |
    | allowTempAutoCreationOnSend | _boolean_ | {html}enable if temp destinations need to be propagated through a network when
advisorySupport==false. This is used in conjunction with the policy
gcInactiveDestinations for matching temps so they can get removed
when inactive{html} |
    | brokerContext | _org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerContext_ | {html}{html} |
    | brokerId | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | brokerName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the name of this broker; which must be unique in the network{html} |
    | brokerObjectName | _javax.management.ObjectName_ | {html}Sets the JMX ObjectName for this broker{html} |
    | cacheTempDestinations | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | consumerSystemUsage | _[org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage|#org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | consumerSystemUsagePortion | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | dataDirectory | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the directory in which the data files will be stored by default for
the JDBC and Journal persistence adaptors.{html} |
    | dataDirectoryFile | _java.io.File_ | {html}Sets the directory in which the data files will be stored by default for
the JDBC and Journal persistence adaptors.{html} |
    | dedicatedTaskRunner | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | deleteAllMessagesOnStartup | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets whether or not all messages are deleted on startup - mostly only
useful for testing.{html} |
    | destinationFactory | _org.apache.activemq.broker.region.DestinationFactory_ | {html}{html} |
    | destinationInterceptors | (_[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.DestinationInterceptor|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.DestinationInterceptor-types]_)\* | {html}Sets the destination interceptors to use{html} |
    | destinationPolicy | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PolicyMap|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PolicyMap-types]_ | {html}Sets the destination specific policies available either for exact
destinations or for wildcard areas of destinations.{html} |
    | destinations | (_[org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination|#org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination-types]_)\* | {html}Sets the destinations which should be loaded/created on startup{html} |
    | enableStatistics | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether or not the Broker's services enable statistics or not.{html} |
    | ioExceptionHandler | _[org.apache.activemq.util.IOExceptionHandler|#org.apache.activemq.util.IOExceptionHandler-types]_ | {html}override the Default IOException handler, called when persistence adapter
has experiences File or JDBC I/O Exceptions{html} |
    | jmsBridgeConnectors | (_[org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsConnector|#org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsConnector-types]_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | keepDurableSubsActive | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | managementContext | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.jmx.ManagementContext|#org.apache.activemq.broker.jmx.ManagementContext-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | masterConnectorURI | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | maxPurgedDestinationsPerSweep | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | mbeanInvocationTimeout | _long_ | {html}Gets the time in Milliseconds that an invocation of an MBean method will wait before
failing.  The default value is to wait forever (zero).{html} |
    | messageAuthorizationPolicy | _org.apache.activemq.security.MessageAuthorizationPolicy_ | {html}Sets the policy used to decide if the current connection is authorized to
consume a given message{html} |
    | monitorConnectionSplits | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | networkConnectorStartAsync | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | networkConnectorURIs | (_java.lang.String_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | networkConnectors | (_[org.apache.activemq.network.NetworkConnector|#org.apache.activemq.network.NetworkConnector-types]_)\* | {html}Sets the network connectors which this broker will use to connect to
other brokers in a federated network{html} |
    | offlineDurableSubscriberTaskSchedule | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | offlineDurableSubscriberTimeout | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | passiveSlave | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Get the passiveSlave{html} |
    | persistenceAdapter | _[org.apache.activemq.store.PersistenceAdapter|#org.apache.activemq.store.PersistenceAdapter-types]_ | {html}Sets the persistence adaptor implementation to use for this broker{html} |
    | persistenceFactory | _[org.apache.activemq.store.PersistenceAdapterFactory|#org.apache.activemq.store.PersistenceAdapterFactory-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | persistenceTaskRunnerFactory | _[org.apache.activemq.thread.TaskRunnerFactory|#org.apache.activemq.thread.TaskRunnerFactory-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | persistenceThreadPriority | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | persistent | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets whether or not persistence is enabled or disabled.{html} |
    | plugins | (_[org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerPlugin|#org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerPlugin-types]_)\* | {html}Sets a number of broker plugins to install such as for security
authentication or authorization{html} |
    | populateJMSXUserID | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether or not the broker should populate the JMSXUserID header.{html} |
    | populateUserNameInMBeans | _boolean_ | {html}Should MBeans that support showing the Authenticated User Name information have this
value filled in or not.{html} |
    | producerSystemUsage | _[org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage|#org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | producerSystemUsagePortion | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | proxyConnectors | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}Sets the network connectors which this broker will use to connect to
other brokers in a federated network{html} |
    | regionBroker | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.Broker|#org.apache.activemq.broker.Broker-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | schedulePeriodForDestinationPurge | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | schedulerDirectory | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | schedulerDirectoryFile | _java.io.File_ | {html}{html} |
    | schedulerSupport | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | services | (_[org.apache.activemq.Service|#org.apache.activemq.Service-types]_)\* | {html}Sets the services associated with this broker such as a
{@link MasterConnector}{html} |
    | shutdownHooks | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}Sets hooks to be executed when broker shut down{html} |
    | shutdownOnMasterFailure | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | shutdownOnSlaveFailure | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | splitSystemUsageForProducersConsumers | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | sslContext | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.SslContext|#org.apache.activemq.broker.SslContext-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | start | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether or not the broker is started along with the ApplicationContext it is defined within.
Normally you would want the broker to start up along with the ApplicationContext but sometimes when working
with JUnit tests you may wish to start and stop the broker explicitly yourself.{html} |
    | startAsync | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | supportFailOver | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | systemExitOnShutdown | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | systemExitOnShutdownExitCode | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | systemUsage | _[org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage|#org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | taskRunnerFactory | _[org.apache.activemq.thread.TaskRunnerFactory|#org.apache.activemq.thread.TaskRunnerFactory-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | taskRunnerPriority | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | tempDataStore | _[org.apache.activemq.store.kahadb.plist.PListStore|#org.apache.activemq.store.kahadb.plist.PListStore-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | timeBeforePurgeTempDestinations | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | tmpDataDirectory | _java.io.File_ | {html}{html} |
    | transportConnectorURIs | (_java.lang.String_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | transportConnectors | (_[org.apache.activemq.broker.TransportConnector|#org.apache.activemq.broker.TransportConnector-types]_)\* | {html}Sets the transport connectors which this broker will listen on for new
clients{html} |
    | useAuthenticatedPrincipalForJMSXUserID | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | useJmx | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets whether or not the Broker's services should be exposed into JMX or
not.{html} |
    | useLocalHostBrokerName | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | useLoggingForShutdownErrors | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether or not we should use commons-logging when reporting errors
when shutting down the broker{html} |
    | useMirroredQueues | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether or not <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/mirrored-queues.html">Mirrored
Queues</a> should be supported by default if they have not been
explicitly configured.{html} |
    | useShutdownHook | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether or not we should use a shutdown handler to close down the
broker cleanly if the JVM is terminated. It is recommended you leave this
enabled.{html} |
    | useTempMirroredQueues | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | useVirtualTopics | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether or not <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/virtual-destinations.html">Virtual
Topics</a> should be supported by default if they have not been
explicitly configured.{html} |
    | vmConnectorURI | _java.net.URI_ | {html}{html} |
    | waitForSlave | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | waitForSlaveTimeout | _long_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:brokerService-element}
h3. The _[<brokerService>|#brokerService-element]_ Element
    {html}Manages the lifecycle of an ActiveMQ Broker. A BrokerService consists of a
number of transport connectors, network connectors and a bunch of properties
which can be used to configure the broker as its lazily created.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | adminView | _org.apache.activemq.broker.jmx.BrokerView_ | {html}Returns the administration view of the broker; used to create and destroy
resources such as queues and topics. Note this method returns null if JMX
is disabled.{html} |
    | advisorySupport | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Allows the support of advisory messages to be disabled for performance
reasons.{html} |
    | allowTempAutoCreationOnSend | _boolean_ | {html}enable if temp destinations need to be propagated through a network when
advisorySupport==false. This is used in conjunction with the policy
gcInactiveDestinations for matching temps so they can get removed
when inactive{html} |
    | brokerContext | _org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerContext_ | {html}{html} |
    | brokerId | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | brokerName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the name of this broker; which must be unique in the network{html} |
    | brokerObjectName | _javax.management.ObjectName_ | {html}Sets the JMX ObjectName for this broker{html} |
    | cacheTempDestinations | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | consumerSystemUsage | _[org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage|#org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | consumerSystemUsagePortion | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | dataDirectory | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the directory in which the data files will be stored by default for
the JDBC and Journal persistence adaptors.{html} |
    | dataDirectoryFile | _java.io.File_ | {html}Sets the directory in which the data files will be stored by default for
the JDBC and Journal persistence adaptors.{html} |
    | dedicatedTaskRunner | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | deleteAllMessagesOnStartup | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets whether or not all messages are deleted on startup - mostly only
useful for testing.{html} |
    | destinationFactory | _org.apache.activemq.broker.region.DestinationFactory_ | {html}{html} |
    | destinationInterceptors | (_[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.DestinationInterceptor|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.DestinationInterceptor-types]_)\* | {html}Sets the destination interceptors to use{html} |
    | destinationPolicy | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PolicyMap|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PolicyMap-types]_ | {html}Sets the destination specific policies available either for exact
destinations or for wildcard areas of destinations.{html} |
    | destinations | (_[org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination|#org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination-types]_)\* | {html}Sets the destinations which should be loaded/created on startup{html} |
    | enableStatistics | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether or not the Broker's services enable statistics or not.{html} |
    | ioExceptionHandler | _[org.apache.activemq.util.IOExceptionHandler|#org.apache.activemq.util.IOExceptionHandler-types]_ | {html}override the Default IOException handler, called when persistence adapter
has experiences File or JDBC I/O Exceptions{html} |
    | jmsBridgeConnectors | (_[org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsConnector|#org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsConnector-types]_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | keepDurableSubsActive | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | managementContext | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.jmx.ManagementContext|#org.apache.activemq.broker.jmx.ManagementContext-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | masterConnectorURI | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | maxPurgedDestinationsPerSweep | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | mbeanInvocationTimeout | _long_ | {html}Gets the time in Milliseconds that an invocation of an MBean method will wait before
failing.  The default value is to wait forever (zero).{html} |
    | messageAuthorizationPolicy | _org.apache.activemq.security.MessageAuthorizationPolicy_ | {html}Sets the policy used to decide if the current connection is authorized to
consume a given message{html} |
    | monitorConnectionSplits | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | networkConnectorStartAsync | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | networkConnectorURIs | (_java.lang.String_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | networkConnectors | (_[org.apache.activemq.network.NetworkConnector|#org.apache.activemq.network.NetworkConnector-types]_)\* | {html}Sets the network connectors which this broker will use to connect to
other brokers in a federated network{html} |
    | offlineDurableSubscriberTaskSchedule | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | offlineDurableSubscriberTimeout | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | passiveSlave | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Get the passiveSlave{html} |
    | persistenceAdapter | _[org.apache.activemq.store.PersistenceAdapter|#org.apache.activemq.store.PersistenceAdapter-types]_ | {html}Sets the persistence adaptor implementation to use for this broker{html} |
    | persistenceFactory | _[org.apache.activemq.store.PersistenceAdapterFactory|#org.apache.activemq.store.PersistenceAdapterFactory-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | persistenceTaskRunnerFactory | _[org.apache.activemq.thread.TaskRunnerFactory|#org.apache.activemq.thread.TaskRunnerFactory-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | persistenceThreadPriority | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | persistent | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets whether or not persistence is enabled or disabled.{html} |
    | plugins | (_[org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerPlugin|#org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerPlugin-types]_)\* | {html}Sets a number of broker plugins to install such as for security
authentication or authorization{html} |
    | populateJMSXUserID | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether or not the broker should populate the JMSXUserID header.{html} |
    | populateUserNameInMBeans | _boolean_ | {html}Should MBeans that support showing the Authenticated User Name information have this
value filled in or not.{html} |
    | producerSystemUsage | _[org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage|#org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | producerSystemUsagePortion | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | proxyConnectors | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}Sets the network connectors which this broker will use to connect to
other brokers in a federated network{html} |
    | regionBroker | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.Broker|#org.apache.activemq.broker.Broker-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | schedulePeriodForDestinationPurge | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | schedulerDirectory | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | schedulerDirectoryFile | _java.io.File_ | {html}{html} |
    | schedulerSupport | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | services | (_[org.apache.activemq.Service|#org.apache.activemq.Service-types]_)\* | {html}Sets the services associated with this broker such as a
{@link MasterConnector}{html} |
    | shutdownHooks | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}Sets hooks to be executed when broker shut down{html} |
    | shutdownOnMasterFailure | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | shutdownOnSlaveFailure | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | splitSystemUsageForProducersConsumers | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | sslContext | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.SslContext|#org.apache.activemq.broker.SslContext-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | startAsync | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | supportFailOver | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | systemExitOnShutdown | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | systemExitOnShutdownExitCode | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | systemUsage | _[org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage|#org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | taskRunnerFactory | _[org.apache.activemq.thread.TaskRunnerFactory|#org.apache.activemq.thread.TaskRunnerFactory-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | taskRunnerPriority | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | tempDataStore | _[org.apache.activemq.store.kahadb.plist.PListStore|#org.apache.activemq.store.kahadb.plist.PListStore-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | timeBeforePurgeTempDestinations | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | tmpDataDirectory | _java.io.File_ | {html}{html} |
    | transportConnectorURIs | (_java.lang.String_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | transportConnectors | (_[org.apache.activemq.broker.TransportConnector|#org.apache.activemq.broker.TransportConnector-types]_)\* | {html}Sets the transport connectors which this broker will listen on for new
clients{html} |
    | useAuthenticatedPrincipalForJMSXUserID | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | useJmx | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets whether or not the Broker's services should be exposed into JMX or
not.{html} |
    | useLocalHostBrokerName | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | useLoggingForShutdownErrors | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether or not we should use commons-logging when reporting errors
when shutting down the broker{html} |
    | useMirroredQueues | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether or not <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/mirrored-queues.html">Mirrored
Queues</a> should be supported by default if they have not been
explicitly configured.{html} |
    | useShutdownHook | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether or not we should use a shutdown handler to close down the
broker cleanly if the JVM is terminated. It is recommended you leave this
enabled.{html} |
    | useTempMirroredQueues | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | useVirtualTopics | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether or not <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/virtual-destinations.html">Virtual
Topics</a> should be supported by default if they have not been
explicitly configured.{html} |
    | vmConnectorURI | _java.net.URI_ | {html}{html} |
    | waitForSlave | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | waitForSlaveTimeout | _long_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:bytesJDBCAdapter-element}
h3. The _[<bytesJDBCAdapter>|#bytesJDBCAdapter-element]_ Element
    {html}This JDBCAdapter inserts and extracts BLOB data using the
setBytes()/getBytes() operations. The databases/JDBC drivers that use this
adapter are:{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | batchStatments | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | maxRows | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | statements | _[org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements|#org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | useExternalMessageReferences | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:cachedLDAPAuthorizationMap-element}
h3. The _[<cachedLDAPAuthorizationMap>|#cachedLDAPAuthorizationMap-element]_ Element
    {html}A {@link DefaultAuthorizationMap} implementation which uses LDAP to initialize and update authorization
policy.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | adminPermissionGroupSearchFilter | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | authentication | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | authorizationEntries | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}Sets the individual entries on the authorization map{html} |
    | connectionPassword | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | connectionProtocol | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | connectionURL | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | connectionUsername | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | defaultEntry | _[org.apache.activemq.security.AuthorizationEntry|#org.apache.activemq.security.AuthorizationEntry-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | entries | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}A helper method to allow the destination map to be populated from a
dependency injection framework such as Spring{html} |
    | groupNameAttribute | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | groupObjectClass | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | legacyGroupMapping | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | permissionGroupMemberAttribute | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | queueSearchBase | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | readPermissionGroupSearchFilter | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | refreshDisabled | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | refreshInterval | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | tempDestinationAuthorizationEntry | _[org.apache.activemq.security.TempDestinationAuthorizationEntry|#org.apache.activemq.security.TempDestinationAuthorizationEntry-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | tempSearchBase | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | topicSearchBase | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | userNameAttribute | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | userObjectClass | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | writePermissionGroupSearchFilter | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:commandAgent-element}
h3. The _[<commandAgent>|#commandAgent-element]_ Element
    {html}An agent which listens to commands on a JMS destination{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | brokerUrl | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | commandDestination | _[javax.jms.Destination|#javax.jms.Destination-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | connection | _javax.jms.Connection_ | {html}{html} |
    | connectionFactory | _[javax.jms.ConnectionFactory|#javax.jms.ConnectionFactory-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | password | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | username | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:compositeDemandForwardingBridge-element}
h3. The _[<compositeDemandForwardingBridge>|#compositeDemandForwardingBridge-element]_ Element
    {html}A demand forwarding bridge which works with multicast style transports where
a single Transport could be communicating with multiple remote brokers{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | brokerService | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService|#org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | configuration | _[org.apache.activemq.network.NetworkBridgeConfiguration|#org.apache.activemq.network.NetworkBridgeConfiguration-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | createdByDuplex | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | durableDestinations | (_[org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination|#org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination-types]_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | dynamicallyIncludedDestinations | (_[org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination|#org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination-types]_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | excludedDestinations | (_[org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination|#org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination-types]_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | localBroker | _org.apache.activemq.transport.Transport_ | {html}{html} |
    | mbeanObjectName | _javax.management.ObjectName_ | {html}{html} |
    | networkBridgeListener | _org.apache.activemq.network.NetworkBridgeListener_ | {html}{html} |
    | remoteBroker | _org.apache.activemq.transport.Transport_ | {html}{html} |
    | staticallyIncludedDestinations | (_[org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination|#org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination-types]_)\* | {html}{html} |

{anchor:compositeQueue-element}
h3. The _[<compositeQueue>|#compositeQueue-element]_ Element
    {html}Represents a virtual queue which forwards to a number of other destinations.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | copyMessage | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether a copy of the message will be sent to each destination.
Defaults to true so that the forward destination is set as the
destination of the message{html} |
    | forwardOnly | _boolean_ | {html}Sets if the virtual destination is forward only (and so there is no
physical queue to match the virtual queue) or if there is also a physical
queue with the same name).{html} |
    | forwardTo | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}Sets the list of destinations to forward to{html} |
    | name | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the name of this composite destination{html} |

{anchor:compositeTopic-element}
h3. The _[<compositeTopic>|#compositeTopic-element]_ Element
    {html}Represents a virtual topic which forwards to a number of other destinations.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | copyMessage | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether a copy of the message will be sent to each destination.
Defaults to true so that the forward destination is set as the
destination of the message{html} |
    | forwardOnly | _boolean_ | {html}Sets if the virtual destination is forward only (and so there is no
physical queue to match the virtual queue) or if there is also a physical
queue with the same name).{html} |
    | forwardTo | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}Sets the list of destinations to forward to{html} |
    | name | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the name of this composite destination{html} |

{anchor:conditionalNetworkBridgeFilterFactory-element}
h3. The _[<conditionalNetworkBridgeFilterFactory>|#conditionalNetworkBridgeFilterFactory-element]_ Element
    {html}implement conditional behaviour for queue consumers,
allows replaying back to origin if no consumers are present on the local broker
after a configurable delay, irrespective of the networkTTL
Also allows rate limiting of messages through the network, useful for static includes{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | rateDuration | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | rateLimit | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | replayDelay | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | replayWhenNoConsumers | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:connectionDotFilePlugin-element}
h3. The _[<connectionDotFilePlugin>|#connectionDotFilePlugin-element]_ Element
    {html}A <a href="http://www.graphviz.org/">DOT</a> file creator plugin which
creates a DOT file showing the current connections{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | file | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the destination file name to create the destination diagram{html} |

{anchor:connectionFactory-element}
h3. The _[<connectionFactory>|#connectionFactory-element]_ Element
    {html}A <a href="http://www.springframework.org/">Spring</a> enhanced connection
factory which will automatically use the Spring bean name as the clientIDPrefix property
so that connections created have client IDs related to your Spring.xml file for
easier comprehension from <a href="http://activemq.apache.org/jmx.html">JMX</a>.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | alwaysSessionAsync | _boolean_ | {html}If this flag is not set then a separate thread is not used for dispatching messages for each Session in
the Connection. However, a separate thread is always used if there is more than one session, or the session
isn't in auto acknowledge or duplicates ok mode.  By default this value is set to true and session dispatch
happens asynchronously.{html} |
    | alwaysSyncSend | _boolean_ | {html}Set true if always require messages to be sync sent{html} |
    | auditDepth | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | auditMaximumProducerNumber | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | beanName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | blobTransferPolicy | _org.apache.activemq.blob.BlobTransferPolicy_ | {html}Sets the policy used to describe how out-of-band BLOBs (Binary Large
OBjects) are transferred from producers to brokers to consumers{html} |
    | brokerURL | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/configuring-transports.html">connection
URL</a> used to connect to the ActiveMQ broker.{html} |
    | checkForDuplicates | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | clientID | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the JMS clientID to use for the created connection. Note that this
can only be used by one connection at once so generally its a better idea
to set the clientID on a Connection{html} |
    | clientIDPrefix | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the prefix used by autogenerated JMS Client ID values which are used
if the JMS client does not explicitly specify on.{html} |
    | clientIdGenerator | _org.apache.activemq.util.IdGenerator_ | {html}{html} |
    | clientInternalExceptionListener | _org.apache.activemq.ClientInternalExceptionListener_ | {html}Allows an {@link ClientInternalExceptionListener} to be configured on the ConnectionFactory so that when this factory
is used by frameworks which don't expose the Connection such as Spring JmsTemplate, you can register
an exception listener.
<p> Note: access to this clientInternalExceptionListener will <b>not</b> be serialized if it is associated with more than
on connection (as it will be if more than one connection is subsequently created by this connection factory){html} |
    | closeTimeout | _int_ | {html}Sets the timeout before a close is considered complete. Normally a
close() on a connection waits for confirmation from the broker; this
allows that operation to timeout to save the client hanging if there is
no broker{html} |
    | connectionIDPrefix | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the prefix used by connection id generator{html} |
    | connectionIdGenerator | _org.apache.activemq.util.IdGenerator_ | {html}{html} |
    | consumerFailoverRedeliveryWaitPeriod | _long_ | {html}{html} |
    | copyMessageOnSend | _boolean_ | {html}Should a JMS message be copied to a new JMS Message object as part of the
send() method in JMS. This is enabled by default to be compliant with the
JMS specification. You can disable it if you do not mutate JMS messages
after they are sent for a performance boost{html} |
    | disableTimeStampsByDefault | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether or not timestamps on messages should be disabled or not. If
you disable them it adds a small performance boost.{html} |
    | dispatchAsync | _boolean_ | {html}Enables or disables the default setting of whether or not consumers have
their messages <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/consumer-dispatch-async.html">dispatched
synchronously or asynchronously by the broker</a>. For non-durable
topics for example we typically dispatch synchronously by default to
minimize context switches which boost performance. However sometimes its
better to go slower to ensure that a single blocked consumer socket does
not block delivery to other consumers.{html} |
    | exceptionListener | _[javax.jms.ExceptionListener|#javax.jms.ExceptionListener-types]_ | {html}Allows an {@link ExceptionListener} to be configured on the ConnectionFactory so that when this factory
is used by frameworks which don't expose the Connection such as Spring JmsTemplate, you can register
an exception listener.
<p> Note: access to this exceptionLinstener will <b>not</b> be serialized if it is associated with more than
on connection (as it will be if more than one connection is subsequently created by this connection factory){html} |
    | exclusiveConsumer | _boolean_ | {html}Enables or disables whether or not queue consumers should be exclusive or
not for example to preserve ordering when not using <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/message-groups.html">Message Groups</a>{html} |
    | maxThreadPoolSize | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | messagePrioritySupported | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | nestedMapAndListEnabled | _boolean_ | {html}Enables/disables whether or not Message properties and MapMessage entries
support <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/structured-message-properties-and-mapmessages.html">Nested
Structures</a> of Map and List objects{html} |
    | nonBlockingRedelivery | _boolean_ | {html}When true a MessageConsumer will not stop Message delivery before re-delivering Messages
from a rolled back transaction.  This implies that message order will not be preserved and
also will result in the TransactedIndividualAck option to be enabled.{html} |
    | objectMessageSerializationDefered | _boolean_ | {html}When an object is set on an ObjectMessage, the JMS spec requires the
object to be serialized by that set method. Enabling this flag causes the
object to not get serialized. The object may subsequently get serialized
if the message needs to be sent over a socket or stored to disk.{html} |
    | optimizeAcknowledge | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | optimizeAcknowledgeTimeOut | _long_ | {html}The max time in milliseconds between optimized ack batches{html} |
    | optimizedAckScheduledAckInterval | _long_ | {html}Gets the configured time interval that is used to force all MessageConsumers that have optimizedAcknowledge enabled
to send an ack for any outstanding Message Acks.  By default this value is set to zero meaning that the consumers
will not do any background Message acknowledgment.{html} |
    | optimizedMessageDispatch | _boolean_ | {html}If this flag is set then an larger prefetch limit is used - only
applicable for durable topic subscribers.{html} |
    | password | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the JMS password used for connections created from this factory{html} |
    | prefetchPolicy | _[org.apache.activemq.ActiveMQPrefetchPolicy|#org.apache.activemq.ActiveMQPrefetchPolicy-types]_ | {html}Sets the <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/what-is-the-prefetch-limit-for.html">prefetch
policy</a> for consumers created by this connection.{html} |
    | producerWindowSize | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | properties | _java.util.Properties_ | {html}Get the properties from this instance for storing in JNDI{html} |
    | redeliveryPolicy | _[org.apache.activemq.RedeliveryPolicy|#org.apache.activemq.RedeliveryPolicy-types]_ | {html}Sets the global default redelivery policy to be used when a message is delivered
but the session is rolled back{html} |
    | redeliveryPolicyMap | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.RedeliveryPolicyMap|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.RedeliveryPolicyMap-types]_ | {html}Sets the global redelivery policy mapping to be used when a message is delivered
but the session is rolled back{html} |
    | rejectedTaskHandler | _java.util.concurrent.RejectedExecutionHandler_ | {html}{html} |
    | sendAcksAsync | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | sendTimeout | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | sessionTaskRunner | _[org.apache.activemq.thread.TaskRunnerFactory|#org.apache.activemq.thread.TaskRunnerFactory-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | statsEnabled | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | transactedIndividualAck | _boolean_ | {html}when true, submit individual transacted acks immediately rather than with transaction completion.
This allows the acks to represent delivery status which can be persisted on rollback
Used in conjunction with org.apache.activemq.store.kahadb.KahaDBPersistenceAdapter#setRewriteOnRedelivery(boolean)  true{html} |
    | transformer | _org.apache.activemq.MessageTransformer_ | {html}Sets the transformer used to transform messages before they are sent on
to the JMS bus or when they are received from the bus but before they are
delivered to the JMS client{html} |
    | transportListener | _org.apache.activemq.transport.TransportListener_ | {html}Allows a listener to be configured on the ConnectionFactory so that when this factory is used
with frameworks which don't expose the Connection such as Spring JmsTemplate, you can still register
a transport listener.{html} |
    | useAsyncSend | _boolean_ | {html}Forces the use of <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/async-sends.html">Async Sends</a> which
adds a massive performance boost; but means that the send() method will
return immediately whether the message has been sent or not which could
lead to message loss.{html} |
    | useBeanNameAsClientIdPrefix | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | useCompression | _boolean_ | {html}Enables the use of compression of the message bodies{html} |
    | useDedicatedTaskRunner | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | useRetroactiveConsumer | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether or not retroactive consumers are enabled. Retroactive
consumers allow non-durable topic subscribers to receive old messages
that were published before the non-durable subscriber started.{html} |
    | userName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the JMS userName used by connections created by this factory{html} |
    | warnAboutUnstartedConnectionTimeout | _long_ | {html}Enables the timeout from a connection creation to when a warning is
generated if the connection is not properly started via
{@link Connection#start()} and a message is received by a consumer. It is
a very common gotcha to forget to <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/i-am-not-receiving-any-messages-what-is-wrong.html">start
the connection</a> so this option makes the default case to create a
warning if the user forgets. To disable the warning just set the value to <
0 (say -1).{html} |
    | watchTopicAdvisories | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:constantPendingMessageLimitStrategy-element}
h3. The _[<constantPendingMessageLimitStrategy>|#constantPendingMessageLimitStrategy-element]_ Element
    {html}This PendingMessageLimitStrategy is configured to a constant value for all subscriptions.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | limit | _int_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:database-locker-element}
h3. The _[<database-locker>|#database-locker-element]_ Element
    {html}Represents an exclusive lock on a database to avoid multiple brokers running
against the same logical database.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | exceptionHandler | _org.apache.activemq.util.Handler_ | {html}{html} |
    | failIfLocked | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | lockAcquireSleepInterval | _long_ | {html}{html} |
    | name | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | queryTimeout | _int_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:db2JDBCAdapter-element}
h3. The _[<db2JDBCAdapter>|#db2JDBCAdapter-element]_ Element
    {html}{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | batchStatments | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | maxRows | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | statements | _[org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements|#org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | useExternalMessageReferences | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:defaultIOExceptionHandler-element}
h3. The _[<defaultIOExceptionHandler>|#defaultIOExceptionHandler-element]_ Element
    {html}{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | brokerService | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService|#org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | ignoreAllErrors | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | ignoreNoSpaceErrors | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | ignoreSQLExceptions | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | noSpaceMessage | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | resumeCheckSleepPeriod | _long_ | {html}{html} |
    | sqlExceptionMessage | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | stopStartConnectors | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:defaultJDBCAdapter-element}
h3. The _[<defaultJDBCAdapter>|#defaultJDBCAdapter-element]_ Element
    {html}Implements all the default JDBC operations that are used by the JDBCPersistenceAdapter. <p/> sub-classing is
encouraged to override the default implementation of methods to account for differences in JDBC Driver
implementations. <p/> The JDBCAdapter inserts and extracts BLOB data using the getBytes()/setBytes() operations. <p/>
The databases/JDBC drivers that use this adapter are:
<ul>
<li></li>
</ul>{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | batchStatments | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | maxRows | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | statements | _[org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements|#org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | useExternalMessageReferences | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:defaultNetworkBridgeFilterFactory-element}
h3. The _[<defaultNetworkBridgeFilterFactory>|#defaultNetworkBridgeFilterFactory-element]_ Element
    {html}implement default behaviour, filter that will not allow resend to origin
based on brokerPath and which respects networkTTL{html}

{anchor:defaultUsageCapacity-element}
h3. The _[<defaultUsageCapacity>|#defaultUsageCapacity-element]_ Element
    {html}Identify if a limit has been reached{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | limit | _long_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:demandForwardingBridge-element}
h3. The _[<demandForwardingBridge>|#demandForwardingBridge-element]_ Element
    {html}Forwards messages from the local broker to the remote broker based on demand.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | brokerService | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService|#org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | configuration | _[org.apache.activemq.network.NetworkBridgeConfiguration|#org.apache.activemq.network.NetworkBridgeConfiguration-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | createdByDuplex | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | durableDestinations | (_[org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination|#org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination-types]_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | dynamicallyIncludedDestinations | (_[org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination|#org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination-types]_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | excludedDestinations | (_[org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination|#org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination-types]_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | localBroker | _org.apache.activemq.transport.Transport_ | {html}{html} |
    | mbeanObjectName | _javax.management.ObjectName_ | {html}{html} |
    | networkBridgeListener | _org.apache.activemq.network.NetworkBridgeListener_ | {html}{html} |
    | remoteBroker | _org.apache.activemq.transport.Transport_ | {html}{html} |
    | staticallyIncludedDestinations | (_[org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination|#org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination-types]_)\* | {html}{html} |

{anchor:destinationDotFilePlugin-element}
h3. The _[<destinationDotFilePlugin>|#destinationDotFilePlugin-element]_ Element
    {html}A <a href="http://www.graphviz.org/">DOT</a> 
file creator plugin which creates a DOT file showing the current topic & queue hierarchies.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | file | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the destination file name to create the destination diagram{html} |

{anchor:destinationEntry-element}
h3. The _[<destinationEntry>|#destinationEntry-element]_ Element
    {html}A default entry in a DestinationMap which holds a single value.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | destination | _[org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination|#org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | queue | _java.lang.String_ | {html}A helper method to set the destination from a configuration file{html} |
    | tempQueue | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | tempTopic | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | topic | _java.lang.String_ | {html}A helper method to set the destination from a configuration file{html} |
    | value | _[org.apache.activemq.filter.DestinationMapEntry|#org.apache.activemq.filter.DestinationMapEntry-types]_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:destinationPathSeparatorPlugin-element}
h3. The _[<destinationPathSeparatorPlugin>|#destinationPathSeparatorPlugin-element]_ Element
    {html}{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | adminConnectionContext | _org.apache.activemq.broker.ConnectionContext_ | {html}{html} |
    | next | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.Broker|#org.apache.activemq.broker.Broker-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | pathSeparator | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:discardingDLQBrokerPlugin-element}
h3. The _[<discardingDLQBrokerPlugin>|#discardingDLQBrokerPlugin-element]_ Element
    {html}{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | dropAll | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | dropOnly | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | dropTemporaryQueues | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | dropTemporaryTopics | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | reportInterval | _int_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:fileCursor-element}
h3. The _[<fileCursor>|#fileCursor-element]_ Element
    {html}Pending messages{html}

{anchor:fileDurableSubscriberCursor-element}
h3. The _[<fileDurableSubscriberCursor>|#fileDurableSubscriberCursor-element]_ Element
    {html}Pending messages for durable subscribers{html}

{anchor:fileQueueCursor-element}
h3. The _[<fileQueueCursor>|#fileQueueCursor-element]_ Element
    {html}Pending{html}

{anchor:filteredDestination-element}
h3. The _[<filteredDestination>|#filteredDestination-element]_ Element
    {html}Represents a destination which is filtered using some predicate such as a selector
so that messages are only dispatched to the destination if they match the filter.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | destination | _[org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination|#org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination-types]_ | {html}The destination to send messages to if they match the filter{html} |
    | filter | _org.apache.activemq.filter.BooleanExpression_ | {html}{html} |
    | queue | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the destination property to the given queue name{html} |
    | selector | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the JMS selector used to filter messages before forwarding them to this destination{html} |
    | topic | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the destination property to the given topic name{html} |

{anchor:filteredKahaDB-element}
h3. The _[<filteredKahaDB>|#filteredKahaDB-element]_ Element
    {html}{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | adapter | _[org.apache.activemq.store.kahadb.KahaDBPersistenceAdapter|#org.apache.activemq.store.kahadb.KahaDBPersistenceAdapter-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | destination | _[org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination|#org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | perDestination | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | persistenceAdapter | _[org.apache.activemq.store.kahadb.KahaDBPersistenceAdapter|#org.apache.activemq.store.kahadb.KahaDBPersistenceAdapter-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | queue | _java.lang.String_ | {html}A helper method to set the destination from a configuration file{html} |
    | tempQueue | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | tempTopic | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | topic | _java.lang.String_ | {html}A helper method to set the destination from a configuration file{html} |

{anchor:fixedCountSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-element}
h3. The _[<fixedCountSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy>|#fixedCountSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-element]_ Element
    {html}This implementation of {@link SubscriptionRecoveryPolicy} will keep a fixed
count of last messages.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | broker | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.Broker|#org.apache.activemq.broker.Broker-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | maximumSize | _int_ | {html}Sets the maximum number of messages that this destination will hold
around in RAM{html} |

{anchor:fixedSizedSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-element}
h3. The _[<fixedSizedSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy>|#fixedSizedSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-element]_ Element
    {html}This implementation of {@link SubscriptionRecoveryPolicy} will keep a fixed
amount of memory available in RAM for message history which is evicted in
time order.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | broker | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.Broker|#org.apache.activemq.broker.Broker-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | buffer | _org.apache.activemq.memory.list.MessageList_ | {html}{html} |
    | maximumSize | _int_ | {html}Sets the maximum amount of RAM in bytes that this buffer can hold in RAM{html} |
    | useSharedBuffer | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:forcePersistencyModeBroker-element}
h3. The _[<forcePersistencyModeBroker>|#forcePersistencyModeBroker-element]_ Element
    {html}A Plugin which allows to force every incoming message to be PERSISTENT or NON-PERSISTENT. 

Useful, if you have set the broker usage policy to process ONLY persistent or ONLY non-persistent
messages.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | adminConnectionContext | _org.apache.activemq.broker.ConnectionContext_ | {html}{html} |
    | next | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.Broker|#org.apache.activemq.broker.Broker-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | persistenceFlag | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:forcePersistencyModeBrokerPlugin-element}
h3. The _[<forcePersistencyModeBrokerPlugin>|#forcePersistencyModeBrokerPlugin-element]_ Element
    {html}A Plugin which allows to force every incoming message to be PERSISTENT or NON-PERSISTENT. 

Useful, if you have set the broker usage policy to process ONLY persistent or ONLY non-persistent
messages.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | persistenceFlag | _boolean_ | {html}Sets the persistency mode.{html} |

{anchor:forwardingBridge-element}
h3. The _[<forwardingBridge>|#forwardingBridge-element]_ Element
    {html}Forwards all messages from the local broker to the remote broker.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | clientId | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | destinationFilter | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | dispatchAsync | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | localBroker | _org.apache.activemq.transport.Transport_ | {html}{html} |
    | networkBridgeFailedListener | _org.apache.activemq.network.NetworkBridgeListener_ | {html}{html} |
    | prefetchSize | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | remoteBroker | _org.apache.activemq.transport.Transport_ | {html}{html} |
    | useCompression | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:hsqldb-jdbc-adapter-element}
h3. The _[<hsqldb-jdbc-adapter>|#hsqldb-jdbc-adapter-element]_ Element
    {html}{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | batchStatments | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | maxRows | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | statements | _[org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements|#org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | useExternalMessageReferences | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:imageBasedJDBCAdaptor-element}
h3. The _[<imageBasedJDBCAdaptor>|#imageBasedJDBCAdaptor-element]_ Element
    {html}Provides JDBCAdapter since that uses
IMAGE datatype to hold binary data.

The databases/JDBC drivers that use this adapter are:
<ul>
<li>Sybase</li>
<li>MS SQL</li>
</ul>{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | batchStatments | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | maxRows | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | statements | _[org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements|#org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | useExternalMessageReferences | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:inboundQueueBridge-element}
h3. The _[<inboundQueueBridge>|#inboundQueueBridge-element]_ Element
    {html}Create an Inbound Queue Bridge.  By default this class uses the sname name for
both the inbound and outbound queue.  This behavior can be overridden however
by using the setter methods to configure both the inbound and outboud queue names
separately.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | consumer | _javax.jms.MessageConsumer_ | {html}{html} |
    | consumerConnection | _javax.jms.QueueConnection_ | {html}{html} |
    | consumerQueue | _[javax.jms.Queue|#javax.jms.Queue-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | doHandleReplyTo | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | inboundQueueName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the queue name used for the inbound queue, if the outbound queue
name has not been set, then this method uses the same name to configure
the outbound queue name.{html} |
    | jmsConnector | _[org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsConnector|#org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsConnector-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | jmsMessageConvertor | _[org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsMesageConvertor|#org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsMesageConvertor-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | localQueueName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | producerConnection | _javax.jms.QueueConnection_ | {html}{html} |
    | producerQueue | _[javax.jms.Queue|#javax.jms.Queue-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | selector | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:inboundTopicBridge-element}
h3. The _[<inboundTopicBridge>|#inboundTopicBridge-element]_ Element
    {html}Create an Inbound Topic Bridge.  By default this class uses the topic name for
both the inbound and outbound topic.  This behavior can be overridden however
by using the setter methods to configure both the inbound and outboud topic names
separately.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | consumer | _javax.jms.MessageConsumer_ | {html}{html} |
    | consumerConnection | _javax.jms.TopicConnection_ | {html}{html} |
    | consumerName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | consumerTopic | _[javax.jms.Topic|#javax.jms.Topic-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | doHandleReplyTo | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | inboundTopicName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the topic name used for the inbound topic, if the outbound topic
name has not been set, then this method uses the same name to configure
the outbound topic name.{html} |
    | jmsConnector | _[org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsConnector|#org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsConnector-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | jmsMessageConvertor | _[org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsMesageConvertor|#org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsMesageConvertor-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | localTopicName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | producerConnection | _javax.jms.TopicConnection_ | {html}{html} |
    | producerTopic | _[javax.jms.Topic|#javax.jms.Topic-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | selector | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:individualDeadLetterStrategy-element}
h3. The _[<individualDeadLetterStrategy>|#individualDeadLetterStrategy-element]_ Element
    {html}A {@link DeadLetterStrategy} where each destination has its own individual
DLQ using the subject naming hierarchy.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | destinationPerDurableSubscriber | _boolean_ | {html}sets whether durable topic subscriptions are to get individual dead letter destinations.
When true, the DLQ is of the form 'topicPrefix.clientId:subscriptionName'
The default is false.{html} |
    | enableAudit | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | processExpired | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | processNonPersistent | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | queuePrefix | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the prefix to use for all dead letter queues for queue messages{html} |
    | queueSuffix | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the suffix to use for all dead letter queues for queue messages{html} |
    | topicPrefix | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the prefix to use for all dead letter queues for topic messages{html} |
    | topicSuffix | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the suffix to use for all dead letter queues for topic messages{html} |
    | useQueueForQueueMessages | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether a queue or topic should be used for queue messages sent to a
DLQ. The default is to use a Queue{html} |
    | useQueueForTopicMessages | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether a queue or topic should be used for topic messages sent to a
DLQ. The default is to use a Queue{html} |

{anchor:informixJDBCAdapter-element}
h3. The _[<informixJDBCAdapter>|#informixJDBCAdapter-element]_ Element
    {html}JDBC Adapter for Informix database.
Because Informix database restricts length of composite primary keys, length of 
<i>container name</i> field and <i>subscription id</i> field must be reduced to 150 characters.
Therefore be sure not to use longer names for container name and subscription id than 150 characters.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | batchStatments | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | maxRows | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | statements | _[org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements|#org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | useExternalMessageReferences | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:jDBCIOExceptionHandler-element}
h3. The _[<jDBCIOExceptionHandler>|#jDBCIOExceptionHandler-element]_ Element
    {html}{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | brokerService | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService|#org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | ignoreAllErrors | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | ignoreNoSpaceErrors | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | ignoreSQLExceptions | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | noSpaceMessage | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | resumeCheckSleepPeriod | _long_ | {html}{html} |
    | sqlExceptionMessage | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | stopStartConnectors | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:jaasAuthenticationPlugin-element}
h3. The _[<jaasAuthenticationPlugin>|#jaasAuthenticationPlugin-element]_ Element
    {html}Provides a JAAS based authentication plugin{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | configuration | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the JAAS configuration domain name used{html} |
    | discoverLoginConfig | _boolean_ | {html}Enables or disables the auto-discovery of the login.config file for JAAS to initialize itself. 
This flag is enabled by default such that if the <b>java.security.auth.login.config</b> system property
is not defined then it is set to the location of the <b>login.config</b> file on the classpath.{html} |

{anchor:jaasCertificateAuthenticationPlugin-element}
h3. The _[<jaasCertificateAuthenticationPlugin>|#jaasCertificateAuthenticationPlugin-element]_ Element
    {html}Provides a JAAS based SSL certificate authentication plugin{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | configuration | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the JAAS configuration domain name used{html} |
    | discoverLoginConfig | _boolean_ | {html}Enables or disables the auto-discovery of the login.config file for JAAS to initialize itself. 
This flag is enabled by default such that if the <b>java.security.auth.login.config</b> system property
is not defined then it is set to the location of the <b>login.config</b> file on the classpath.{html} |

{anchor:jaasDualAuthenticationPlugin-element}
h3. The _[<jaasDualAuthenticationPlugin>|#jaasDualAuthenticationPlugin-element]_ Element
    {html}Provides a JAAS based authentication plugin{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | configuration | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the JAAS configuration domain name used{html} |
    | discoverLoginConfig | _boolean_ | {html}Enables or disables the auto-discovery of the login.config file for JAAS to initialize itself. 
This flag is enabled by default such that if the <b>java.security.auth.login.config</b> system property
is not defined then it is set to the location of the <b>login.config</b> file on the classpath.{html} |
    | sslConfiguration | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Set the JAAS SSL configuration domain{html} |

{anchor:jdbcPersistenceAdapter-element}
h3. The _[<jdbcPersistenceAdapter>|#jdbcPersistenceAdapter-element]_ Element
    {html}A {@link PersistenceAdapter} implementation using JDBC for persistence
storage.

This persistence adapter will correctly remember prepared XA transactions,
but it will not keep track of local transaction commits so that operations
performed against the Message store are done as a single uow.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | adapter | _[org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.JDBCAdapter|#org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.JDBCAdapter-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | auditRecoveryDepth | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | brokerName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | brokerService | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService|#org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | cleanupPeriod | _int_ | {html}Sets the number of milliseconds until the database is attempted to be
cleaned up for durable topics{html} |
    | createTablesOnStartup | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether or not tables are created on startup{html} |
    | dataDirectory | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | dataDirectoryFile | _java.io.File_ | {html}{html} |
    | dataSource | _javax.sql.DataSource_ | {html}{html} |
    | databaseLocker | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.Locker|#org.apache.activemq.broker.Locker-types]_ | {html}Sets the database locker strategy to use to lock the database on startup{html} |
    | directory | _java.io.File_ | {html}{html} |
    | ds | _javax.sql.DataSource_ | {html}{html} |
    | enableAudit | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | lockAcquireSleepInterval | _long_ | {html}{html} |
    | lockDataSource | _javax.sql.DataSource_ | {html}{html} |
    | lockKeepAlivePeriod | _long_ | {html}{html} |
    | locker | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.Locker|#org.apache.activemq.broker.Locker-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | maxAuditDepth | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | maxProducersToAudit | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | maxRows | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | scheduledThreadPoolExecutor | _java.util.concurrent.ScheduledThreadPoolExecutor_ | {html}{html} |
    | statements | _[org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements|#org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | transactionIsolation | _int_ | {html}set the Transaction isolation level to something other that TRANSACTION_READ_UNCOMMITTED
This allowable dirty isolation level may not be achievable in clustered DB environments
so a more restrictive and expensive option may be needed like TRANSACTION_REPEATABLE_READ
see isolation level constants in {@link java.sql.Connection}{html} |
    | usageManager | _[org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage|#org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | useDatabaseLock | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | useExternalMessageReferences | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | useLock | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | wireFormat | _org.apache.activemq.wireformat.WireFormat_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:jmsQueueConnector-element}
h3. The _[<jmsQueueConnector>|#jmsQueueConnector-element]_ Element
    {html}A Bridge to other JMS Queue providers{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | brokerService | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService|#org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService-types]_ | {html}One way to configure the local connection - this is called by The
BrokerService when the Connector is embedded{html} |
    | inboundMessageConvertor | _[org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsMesageConvertor|#org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsMesageConvertor-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | inboundQueueBridges | (_[org.apache.activemq.network.jms.InboundQueueBridge|#org.apache.activemq.network.jms.InboundQueueBridge-types]_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | jndiLocalTemplate | _org.springframework.jndi.JndiTemplate_ | {html}{html} |
    | jndiOutboundTemplate | _org.springframework.jndi.JndiTemplate_ | {html}{html} |
    | localClientId | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | localConnectionFactoryName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | localPassword | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | localQueueConnection | _javax.jms.QueueConnection_ | {html}{html} |
    | localQueueConnectionFactory | _[javax.jms.QueueConnectionFactory|#javax.jms.QueueConnectionFactory-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | localUsername | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | name | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | outboundClientId | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | outboundMessageConvertor | _[org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsMesageConvertor|#org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsMesageConvertor-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | outboundPassword | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | outboundQueueBridges | (_[org.apache.activemq.network.jms.OutboundQueueBridge|#org.apache.activemq.network.jms.OutboundQueueBridge-types]_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | outboundQueueConnection | _javax.jms.QueueConnection_ | {html}{html} |
    | outboundQueueConnectionFactory | _[javax.jms.QueueConnectionFactory|#javax.jms.QueueConnectionFactory-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | outboundQueueConnectionFactoryName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | outboundUsername | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | preferJndiDestinationLookup | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether the connector should prefer to first try to find a destination in JNDI before
using JMS semantics to create a Destination.  By default the connector will first use JMS
semantics and then fall-back to JNDI lookup, setting this value to true will reverse that
ordering.{html} |
    | reconnectionPolicy | _[org.apache.activemq.network.jms.ReconnectionPolicy|#org.apache.activemq.network.jms.ReconnectionPolicy-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | replyToDestinationCacheSize | _int_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:jmsTopicConnector-element}
h3. The _[<jmsTopicConnector>|#jmsTopicConnector-element]_ Element
    {html}A Bridge to other JMS Topic providers{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | brokerService | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService|#org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService-types]_ | {html}One way to configure the local connection - this is called by The
BrokerService when the Connector is embedded{html} |
    | inboundMessageConvertor | _[org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsMesageConvertor|#org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsMesageConvertor-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | inboundTopicBridges | (_[org.apache.activemq.network.jms.InboundTopicBridge|#org.apache.activemq.network.jms.InboundTopicBridge-types]_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | jndiLocalTemplate | _org.springframework.jndi.JndiTemplate_ | {html}{html} |
    | jndiOutboundTemplate | _org.springframework.jndi.JndiTemplate_ | {html}{html} |
    | localClientId | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | localConnectionFactoryName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | localPassword | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | localTopicConnection | _javax.jms.TopicConnection_ | {html}{html} |
    | localTopicConnectionFactory | _[javax.jms.TopicConnectionFactory|#javax.jms.TopicConnectionFactory-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | localUsername | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | name | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | outboundClientId | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | outboundMessageConvertor | _[org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsMesageConvertor|#org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsMesageConvertor-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | outboundPassword | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | outboundTopicBridges | (_[org.apache.activemq.network.jms.OutboundTopicBridge|#org.apache.activemq.network.jms.OutboundTopicBridge-types]_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | outboundTopicConnection | _javax.jms.TopicConnection_ | {html}{html} |
    | outboundTopicConnectionFactory | _[javax.jms.TopicConnectionFactory|#javax.jms.TopicConnectionFactory-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | outboundTopicConnectionFactoryName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | outboundUsername | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | preferJndiDestinationLookup | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether the connector should prefer to first try to find a destination in JNDI before
using JMS semantics to create a Destination.  By default the connector will first use JMS
semantics and then fall-back to JNDI lookup, setting this value to true will reverse that
ordering.{html} |
    | reconnectionPolicy | _[org.apache.activemq.network.jms.ReconnectionPolicy|#org.apache.activemq.network.jms.ReconnectionPolicy-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | replyToDestinationCacheSize | _int_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:journalPersistenceAdapter-element}
h3. The _[<journalPersistenceAdapter>|#journalPersistenceAdapter-element]_ Element
    {html}An implementation of {@link PersistenceAdapter} designed for use with a
{@link Journal} and then check pointing asynchronously on a timeout with some
other long term persistent storage.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | brokerName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | brokerService | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService|#org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | directory | _java.io.File_ | {html}{html} |
    | journal | _org.apache.activeio.journal.Journal_ | {html}{html} |
    | longTermPersistence | _[org.apache.activemq.store.PersistenceAdapter|#org.apache.activemq.store.PersistenceAdapter-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | maxCheckpointMessageAddSize | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | maxCheckpointWorkers | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | persistenceAdapter | _[org.apache.activemq.store.PersistenceAdapter|#org.apache.activemq.store.PersistenceAdapter-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | taskRunnerFactory | _[org.apache.activemq.thread.TaskRunnerFactory|#org.apache.activemq.thread.TaskRunnerFactory-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | usageManager | _[org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage|#org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | useExternalMessageReferences | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:journalPersistenceAdapterFactory-element}
h3. The _[<journalPersistenceAdapterFactory>|#journalPersistenceAdapterFactory-element]_ Element
    {html}Factory class that can create PersistenceAdapter objects.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | adapter | _[org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.JDBCAdapter|#org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.JDBCAdapter-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | brokerService | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService|#org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | createTablesOnStartup | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether or not tables are created on startup{html} |
    | dataDirectory | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | dataDirectoryFile | _java.io.File_ | {html}{html} |
    | dataSource | _javax.sql.DataSource_ | {html}{html} |
    | jdbcAdapter | _[org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.JDBCPersistenceAdapter|#org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.JDBCPersistenceAdapter-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | journal | _org.apache.activeio.journal.Journal_ | {html}{html} |
    | journalArchiveDirectory | _java.io.File_ | {html}{html} |
    | journalLogFileSize | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the size of the journal log files
When set using Xbean, values of the form "20 Mb", "1024kb", and "1g" can be used{html} |
    | journalLogFiles | _int_ | {html}Sets the number of journal log files to use{html} |
    | journalThreadPriority | _int_ | {html}Sets the thread priority of the journal thread{html} |
    | lockKeepAlivePeriod | _long_ | {html}{html} |
    | locker | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.Locker|#org.apache.activemq.broker.Locker-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | statements | _[org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements|#org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | taskRunnerFactory | _[org.apache.activemq.thread.TaskRunnerFactory|#org.apache.activemq.thread.TaskRunnerFactory-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | useDatabaseLock | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether or not an exclusive database lock should be used to enable
JDBC Master/Slave. Enabled by default.{html} |
    | useDedicatedTaskRunner | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | useJournal | _boolean_ | {html}Enables or disables the use of the journal. The default is to use the
journal{html} |
    | useLock | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | useQuickJournal | _boolean_ | {html}Enables or disables the use of quick journal, which keeps messages in the
journal and just stores a reference to the messages in JDBC. Defaults to
false so that messages actually reside long term in the JDBC database.{html} |

{anchor:journaledJDBC-element}
h3. The _[<journaledJDBC>|#journaledJDBC-element]_ Element
    {html}Creates a default persistence model using the Journal and JDBC{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | adapter | _[org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.JDBCAdapter|#org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.JDBCAdapter-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | brokerService | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService|#org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | createTablesOnStartup | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether or not tables are created on startup{html} |
    | dataDirectory | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | dataDirectoryFile | _java.io.File_ | {html}{html} |
    | dataSource | _javax.sql.DataSource_ | {html}{html} |
    | jdbcAdapter | _[org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.JDBCPersistenceAdapter|#org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.JDBCPersistenceAdapter-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | journal | _org.apache.activeio.journal.Journal_ | {html}{html} |
    | journalArchiveDirectory | _java.io.File_ | {html}{html} |
    | journalLogFileSize | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the size of the journal log files
When set using Xbean, values of the form "20 Mb", "1024kb", and "1g" can be used{html} |
    | journalLogFiles | _int_ | {html}Sets the number of journal log files to use{html} |
    | journalThreadPriority | _int_ | {html}Sets the thread priority of the journal thread{html} |
    | lockKeepAlivePeriod | _long_ | {html}{html} |
    | locker | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.Locker|#org.apache.activemq.broker.Locker-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | statements | _[org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements|#org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | taskRunnerFactory | _[org.apache.activemq.thread.TaskRunnerFactory|#org.apache.activemq.thread.TaskRunnerFactory-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | useDatabaseLock | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether or not an exclusive database lock should be used to enable
JDBC Master/Slave. Enabled by default.{html} |
    | useDedicatedTaskRunner | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | useJournal | _boolean_ | {html}Enables or disables the use of the journal. The default is to use the
journal{html} |
    | useLock | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | useQuickJournal | _boolean_ | {html}Enables or disables the use of quick journal, which keeps messages in the
journal and just stores a reference to the messages in JDBC. Defaults to
false so that messages actually reside long term in the JDBC database.{html} |

{anchor:kahaDB-element}
h3. The _[<kahaDB>|#kahaDB-element]_ Element
    {html}An implementation of {@link PersistenceAdapter} designed for use with
KahaDB - Embedded Lightweight Non-Relational Database{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | archiveCorruptedIndex | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | archiveDataLogs | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | brokerName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | brokerService | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService|#org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | checkForCorruptJournalFiles | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | checkpointInterval | _long_ | {html}Get the checkpointInterval{html} |
    | checksumJournalFiles | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | cleanupInterval | _long_ | {html}Get the cleanupInterval{html} |
    | concurrentStoreAndDispatchQueues | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | concurrentStoreAndDispatchTopics | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | databaseLockedWaitDelay | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | directory | _java.io.File_ | {html}Get the directory{html} |
    | directoryArchive | _java.io.File_ | {html}{html} |
    | enableIndexDiskSyncs | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | enableIndexPageCaching | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | enableIndexRecoveryFile | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | enableIndexWriteAsync | _boolean_ | {html}Get the enableIndexWriteAsync{html} |
    | enableJournalDiskSyncs | _boolean_ | {html}Get the enableJournalDiskSyncs{html} |
    | failoverProducersAuditDepth | _int_ | {html}set the audit window depth for duplicate suppression (should exceed the max transaction
batch){html} |
    | forceRecoverIndex | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | ignoreMissingJournalfiles | _boolean_ | {html}Get the ignoreMissingJournalfiles{html} |
    | indexCacheSize | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Get the indexCacheSize{html} |
    | indexLFUEvictionFactor | _float_ | {html}{html} |
    | indexWriteBatchSize | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Get the indexWriteBatchSize{html} |
    | journalMaxFileLength | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Get the journalMaxFileLength{html} |
    | journalMaxWriteBatchSize | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Get the journalMaxWriteBatchSize{html} |
    | lockKeepAlivePeriod | _long_ | {html}{html} |
    | locker | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.Locker|#org.apache.activemq.broker.Locker-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | maxAsyncJobs | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | maxFailoverProducersToTrack | _int_ | {html}Set the max number of producers (LRU cache) to track for duplicate sends{html} |
    | rewriteOnRedelivery | _boolean_ | {html}When true, persist the redelivery status such that the message redelivery flag can survive a broker failure
used with org.apache.activemq.ActiveMQConnectionFactory#setTransactedIndividualAck(boolean)  true{html} |
    | usageManager | _[org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage|#org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | useIndexLFRUEviction | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | useLock | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:kahaPersistenceAdapter-element}
h3. The _[<kahaPersistenceAdapter>|#kahaPersistenceAdapter-element]_ Element
    {html}{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | brokerName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | brokerService | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService|#org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | directory | _java.io.File_ | {html}{html} |
    | maxDataFileLength | _java.lang.String_ | {html}When set using Xbean, values of the form "20 Mb", "1024kb", and "1g" can be used{html} |
    | persistentIndex | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | size | _java.util.concurrent.atomic.AtomicLong_ | {html}{html} |
    | usageManager | _[org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage|#org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage-types]_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:lDAPAuthorizationMap-element}
h3. The _[<lDAPAuthorizationMap>|#lDAPAuthorizationMap-element]_ Element
    {html}An {@link AuthorizationMap} which uses LDAP{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | adminAttribute | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | adminBase | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | advisorySearchBase | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | authentication | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | connectionPassword | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | connectionProtocol | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | connectionURL | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | connectionUsername | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | context | _javax.naming.directory.DirContext_ | {html}{html} |
    | initialContextFactory | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | options | _java.util.Map_ | {html}{html} |
    | queueSearchMatchingFormat | _java.text.MessageFormat_ | {html}{html} |
    | queueSearchSubtreeBool | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | readAttribute | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | readBase | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | tempSearchBase | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | topicSearchMatchingFormat | _java.text.MessageFormat_ | {html}{html} |
    | topicSearchSubtreeBool | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | useAdvisorySearchBase | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | writeAttribute | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | writeBase | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:lastImageSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-element}
h3. The _[<lastImageSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy>|#lastImageSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-element]_ Element
    {html}This implementation of {@link SubscriptionRecoveryPolicy} will only keep the
last message.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | broker | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.Broker|#org.apache.activemq.broker.Broker-types]_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:ldapNetworkConnector-element}
h3. The _[<ldapNetworkConnector>|#ldapNetworkConnector-element]_ Element
    {html}class to create dynamic network connectors listed in an directory
server using the LDAP v3 protocol as defined in RFC 2251, the
entries listed in the directory server must implement the ipHost
and ipService objectClasses as defined in RFC 2307.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | alwaysSyncSend | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | anonymousAuthentication | _boolean_ | {html}sets LDAP anonymous authentication access credentials{html} |
    | base | _java.lang.String_ | {html}sets the base LDAP dn used for lookup operations{html} |
    | bridgeTempDestinations | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | brokerName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | brokerService | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService|#org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | brokerURL | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | conduitSubscriptions | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | connectionFilter | _org.apache.activemq.network.ConnectionFilter_ | {html}{html} |
    | consumerPriorityBase | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | decreaseNetworkConsumerPriority | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | destinationFilter | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | dispatchAsync | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | duplex | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | durableDestinations | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | dynamicOnly | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | dynamicallyIncludedDestinations | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | excludedDestinations | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | localUri | _java.net.URI_ | {html}{html} |
    | name | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | networkTTL | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | objectName | _javax.management.ObjectName_ | {html}{html} |
    | password | _java.lang.String_ | {html}sets the LDAP password for access credentials{html} |
    | prefetchSize | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | searchEventListener | _boolean_ | {html}enables/disable a persistent search to the LDAP server as defined
in draft-ietf-ldapext-psearch-03.txt (2.16.840.1.113730.3.4.3){html} |
    | searchFilter | _java.lang.String_ | {html}sets the LDAP search filter as defined in RFC 2254{html} |
    | searchScope | _java.lang.String_ | {html}sets the LDAP search scope{html} |
    | staticBridge | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | staticallyIncludedDestinations | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | suppressDuplicateQueueSubscriptions | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | suppressDuplicateTopicSubscriptions | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | uri | _java.net.URI_ | {html}returns the next URI from the configured list{html} |
    | useCompression | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | user | _java.lang.String_ | {html}sets the LDAP user for access credentials{html} |
    | userName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:lease-database-locker-element}
h3. The _[<lease-database-locker>|#lease-database-locker-element]_ Element
    {html}Represents an exclusive lease on a database to avoid multiple brokers running
against the same logical database.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | failIfLocked | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | leaseHolderId | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | lockAcquireSleepInterval | _long_ | {html}{html} |
    | maxAllowableDiffFromDBTime | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | name | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | queryTimeout | _int_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:levelDB-element}
h3. The _[<levelDB>|#levelDB-element]_ Element
    {html}An implementation of {@link org.apache.activemq.store.PersistenceAdapter} designed for use with
LevelDB - Embedded Lightweight Non-Relational Database{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | asyncBufferSize | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | brokerName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | brokerService | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService|#org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | directory | _java.io.File_ | {html}{html} |
    | failIfLocked | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | flushDelay | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | indexBlockRestartInterval | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | indexBlockSize | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | indexCacheSize | _long_ | {html}{html} |
    | indexCompression | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | indexFactory | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | indexMaxOpenFiles | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | indexWriteBufferSize | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | logCompression | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | logDirectory | _java.io.File_ | {html}{html} |
    | logSize | _long_ | {html}{html} |
    | monitorStats | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | paranoidChecks | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | sync | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | usageManager | _[org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage|#org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | verifyChecksums | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:loggingBrokerPlugin-element}
h3. The _[<loggingBrokerPlugin>|#loggingBrokerPlugin-element]_ Element
    {html}A simple Broker intercepter which allows you to enable/disable logging.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | adminConnectionContext | _org.apache.activemq.broker.ConnectionContext_ | {html}{html} |
    | logAll | _boolean_ | {html}Logger all Events that go through the Plugin{html} |
    | logConnectionEvents | _boolean_ | {html}Logger Events that are related to connections{html} |
    | logConsumerEvents | _boolean_ | {html}Logger Events that are related to Consumers{html} |
    | logInternalEvents | _boolean_ | {html}Logger Events that are normally internal to the broker{html} |
    | logMessageEvents | _boolean_ | {html}Logger Events that are related to message processing{html} |
    | logProducerEvents | _boolean_ | {html}Logger Events that are related to Producers{html} |
    | logSessionEvents | _boolean_ | {html}Logger Events that are related to sessions{html} |
    | logTransactionEvents | _boolean_ | {html}Logger Events that are related to transaction processing{html} |
    | next | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.Broker|#org.apache.activemq.broker.Broker-types]_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:mKahaDB-element}
h3. The _[<mKahaDB>|#mKahaDB-element]_ Element
    {html}An implementation of {@link org.apache.activemq.store.PersistenceAdapter}  that supports
distribution of destinations across multiple kahaDB persistence adapters{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | brokerName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | brokerService | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService|#org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | directory | _java.io.File_ | {html}{html} |
    | entries | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}A helper method to allow the destination map to be populated from a
dependency injection framework such as Spring{html} |
    | filteredPersistenceAdapters | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}Sets the  FilteredKahaDBPersistenceAdapter entries{html} |
    | journalMaxFileLength | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Set the max file length of the transaction journal
When set using Xbean, values of the form "20 Mb", "1024kb", and "1g" can
be used{html} |
    | journalWriteBatchSize | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Set the max write batch size of  the transaction journal
When set using Xbean, values of the form "20 Mb", "1024kb", and "1g" can
be used{html} |
    | transactionStore | _org.apache.activemq.store.kahadb.MultiKahaDBTransactionStore_ | {html}{html} |
    | usageManager | _[org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage|#org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage-types]_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:managementContext-element}
h3. The _[<managementContext>|#managementContext-element]_ Element
    {html}An abstraction over JMX mbean registration{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | MBeanServer | _javax.management.MBeanServer_ | {html}Get the MBeanServer{html} |
    | allowRemoteAddressInMBeanNames | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | brokerName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Gets the broker name this context is used by, may be <tt>null</tt>
if the broker name was not set.{html} |
    | connectorHost | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Get the connectorHost{html} |
    | connectorPath | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | connectorPort | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | createConnector | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | createMBeanServer | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | environment | _java.util.Map_ | {html}{html} |
    | findTigerMbeanServer | _boolean_ | {html}Enables/disables the searching for the Java 5 platform MBeanServer{html} |
    | jmxDomainName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | rmiServerPort | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | server | _javax.management.MBeanServer_ | {html}{html} |
    | useMBeanServer | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:masterConnector-element}
h3. The _[<masterConnector>|#masterConnector-element]_ Element
    {html}Connects a Slave Broker to a Master when using <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/masterslave.html">Master Slave</a> for High
Availability of messages.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | brokerService | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService|#org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | failedToStart | _boolean_ | {html}Get the failedToStart{html} |
    | localURI | _java.net.URI_ | {html}{html} |
    | password | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | remoteURI | _java.net.URI_ | {html}{html} |
    | remoteUri | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | userName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:maxdb-jdbc-adapter-element}
h3. The _[<maxdb-jdbc-adapter>|#maxdb-jdbc-adapter-element]_ Element
    {html}JDBC Adapter for the MaxDB database.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | batchStatments | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | maxRows | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | statements | _[org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements|#org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | useExternalMessageReferences | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:memoryPersistenceAdapter-element}
h3. The _[<memoryPersistenceAdapter>|#memoryPersistenceAdapter-element]_ Element
    {html}{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | brokerName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | createTransactionStore | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | directory | _java.io.File_ | {html}{html} |
    | usageManager | _[org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage|#org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | useExternalMessageReferences | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:memoryUsage-element}
h3. The _[<memoryUsage>|#memoryUsage-element]_ Element
    {html}Used to keep track of how much of something is being used so that a
productive working set usage can be controlled. Main use case is manage
memory usage.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | executor | _java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor_ | {html}{html} |
    | limit | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the memory limit in bytes. Setting the limit in bytes will set the
usagePortion to 0 since the UsageManager is not going to be portion based
off the parent.
When set using Xbean, values of the form "20 Mb", "1024kb", and "1g" can be used{html} |
    | limiter | _[org.apache.activemq.usage.UsageCapacity|#org.apache.activemq.usage.UsageCapacity-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | name | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | parent | _T_ | {html}{html} |
    | percentUsage | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | percentUsageMinDelta | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the minimum number of percentage points the usage has to change
before a UsageListener event is fired by the manager.{html} |
    | pollingTime | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | portion | _float_ | {html}{html} |
    | usage | _long_ | {html}{html} |
    | usagePortion | _float_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:messageGroupHashBucketFactory-element}
h3. The _[<messageGroupHashBucketFactory>|#messageGroupHashBucketFactory-element]_ Element
    {html}A factory to create instances of {@link SimpleMessageGroupMap} when
implementing the <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/message-groups.html">Message
Groups</a> functionality.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | bucketCount | _int_ | {html}Sets the number of hash buckets to use for the message group
functionality. This is only applicable to using message groups to
parallelize processing of a queue while preserving order across an
individual JMSXGroupID header value. This value sets the number of hash
buckets that will be used (i.e. the maximum possible concurrency).{html} |

{anchor:mirroredQueue-element}
h3. The _[<mirroredQueue>|#mirroredQueue-element]_ Element
    {html}Creates <a href="http://activemq.org/site/mirrored-queues.html">Mirrored
Queue</a> using a prefix and postfix to define the topic name on which to mirror the queue to.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | brokerService | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService|#org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | copyMessage | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether a copy of the message will be sent to each destination.
Defaults to true so that the forward destination is set as the
destination of the message{html} |
    | postfix | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets any postix used to identify the queue consumers{html} |
    | prefix | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the prefix wildcard used to identify the queue consumers for a given
topic{html} |

{anchor:multicastNetworkConnector-element}
h3. The _[<multicastNetworkConnector>|#multicastNetworkConnector-element]_ Element
    {html}A network connector which uses some kind of multicast-like transport that
communicates with potentially many remote brokers over a single logical
{@link Transport} instance such as when using multicast.

This implementation does not depend on multicast at all; any other group
based transport could be used.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | alwaysSyncSend | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | bridge | _[org.apache.activemq.network.DemandForwardingBridgeSupport|#org.apache.activemq.network.DemandForwardingBridgeSupport-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | bridgeTempDestinations | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | brokerName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | brokerService | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService|#org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | brokerURL | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | conduitSubscriptions | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | connectionFilter | _org.apache.activemq.network.ConnectionFilter_ | {html}{html} |
    | consumerPriorityBase | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | decreaseNetworkConsumerPriority | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | destinationFilter | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | dispatchAsync | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | duplex | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | durableDestinations | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | dynamicOnly | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | dynamicallyIncludedDestinations | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | excludedDestinations | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | localTransport | _org.apache.activemq.transport.Transport_ | {html}{html} |
    | localUri | _java.net.URI_ | {html}{html} |
    | name | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | networkTTL | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | objectName | _javax.management.ObjectName_ | {html}{html} |
    | password | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | prefetchSize | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | remoteTransport | _org.apache.activemq.transport.Transport_ | {html}Sets the remote transport implementation{html} |
    | remoteURI | _java.net.URI_ | {html}Sets the remote transport URI to some group transport like
<code>multicast://address:port</code>{html} |
    | staticBridge | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | staticallyIncludedDestinations | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | suppressDuplicateQueueSubscriptions | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | suppressDuplicateTopicSubscriptions | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | useCompression | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | userName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:multicastTraceBrokerPlugin-element}
h3. The _[<multicastTraceBrokerPlugin>|#multicastTraceBrokerPlugin-element]_ Element
    {html}A Broker interceptor which allows you to trace all operations to a Multicast
socket.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | address | _java.net.SocketAddress_ | {html}{html} |
    | adminConnectionContext | _org.apache.activemq.broker.ConnectionContext_ | {html}{html} |
    | broadcast | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | destination | _java.net.URI_ | {html}{html} |
    | maxTraceDatagramSize | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | next | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.Broker|#org.apache.activemq.broker.Broker-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | timeToLive | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | wireFormat | _org.apache.activemq.wireformat.WireFormat_ | {html}{html} |
    | wireFormatFactory | _org.apache.activemq.wireformat.WireFormatFactory_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:mysql-jdbc-adapter-element}
h3. The _[<mysql-jdbc-adapter>|#mysql-jdbc-adapter-element]_ Element
    {html}{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | batchStatments | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | engineType | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | maxRows | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | statements | _[org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements|#org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | typeStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | useExternalMessageReferences | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:networkConnector-element}
h3. The _[<networkConnector>|#networkConnector-element]_ Element
    {html}A network connector which uses a discovery agent to detect the remote brokers
available and setup a connection to each available remote broker{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | alwaysSyncSend | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | bridgeTempDestinations | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | brokerName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | brokerService | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService|#org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | brokerURL | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | conduitSubscriptions | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | connectionFilter | _org.apache.activemq.network.ConnectionFilter_ | {html}{html} |
    | consumerPriorityBase | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | decreaseNetworkConsumerPriority | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | destinationFilter | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | discoveryAgent | _org.apache.activemq.transport.discovery.DiscoveryAgent_ | {html}{html} |
    | discoveryURI | _java.net.URI_ | {html}{html} |
    | dispatchAsync | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | duplex | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | durableDestinations | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | dynamicOnly | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | dynamicallyIncludedDestinations | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | excludedDestinations | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | localUri | _java.net.URI_ | {html}{html} |
    | name | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | networkTTL | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | objectName | _javax.management.ObjectName_ | {html}{html} |
    | password | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | prefetchSize | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | staticBridge | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | staticallyIncludedDestinations | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | suppressDuplicateQueueSubscriptions | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | suppressDuplicateTopicSubscriptions | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | uri | _java.net.URI_ | {html}{html} |
    | useCompression | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | userName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:noSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-element}
h3. The _[<noSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy>|#noSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-element]_ Element
    {html}This SubscriptionRecoveryPolicy disable recovery of messages.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | broker | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.Broker|#org.apache.activemq.broker.Broker-types]_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:oldestMessageEvictionStrategy-element}
h3. The _[<oldestMessageEvictionStrategy>|#oldestMessageEvictionStrategy-element]_ Element
    {html}An eviction strategy which evicts the oldest message first (which is the
default).{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | evictExpiredMessagesHighWatermark | _int_ | {html}Sets the high water mark on which we will eagerly evict expired messages from RAM{html} |

{anchor:oldestMessageWithLowestPriorityEvictionStrategy-element}
h3. The _[<oldestMessageWithLowestPriorityEvictionStrategy>|#oldestMessageWithLowestPriorityEvictionStrategy-element]_ Element
    {html}An eviction strategy which evicts the oldest message with the lowest priority first.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | evictExpiredMessagesHighWatermark | _int_ | {html}Sets the high water mark on which we will eagerly evict expired messages from RAM{html} |

{anchor:oracleBlobJDBCAdapter-element}
h3. The _[<oracleBlobJDBCAdapter>|#oracleBlobJDBCAdapter-element]_ Element
    {html}Implements all the default JDBC operations that are used
by the JDBCPersistenceAdapter.
<p/>
Subclassing is encouraged to override the default
implementation of methods to account for differences
in JDBC Driver implementations.
<p/>
The JDBCAdapter inserts and extracts BLOB data using the
getBytes()/setBytes() operations.
<p/>
The databases/JDBC drivers that use this adapter are:
<ul>
<li></li>
</ul>{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | batchStatments | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | maxRows | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | statements | _[org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements|#org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | useExternalMessageReferences | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:oracleJDBCAdapter-element}
h3. The _[<oracleJDBCAdapter>|#oracleJDBCAdapter-element]_ Element
    {html}Implements all the default JDBC operations that are used
by the JDBCPersistenceAdapter.
<p/>
Subclassing is encouraged to override the default
implementation of methods to account for differences
in JDBC Driver implementations.
<p/>{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | batchStatments | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | maxRows | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | statements | _[org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements|#org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | useExternalMessageReferences | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:outboundQueueBridge-element}
h3. The _[<outboundQueueBridge>|#outboundQueueBridge-element]_ Element
    {html}Create an Outbound Queue Bridge.  By default the bridge uses the same
name for both the inbound and outbound queues, however this can be altered
by using the public setter methods to configure both inbound and outbound
queue names.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | consumer | _javax.jms.MessageConsumer_ | {html}{html} |
    | consumerConnection | _javax.jms.QueueConnection_ | {html}{html} |
    | consumerQueue | _[javax.jms.Queue|#javax.jms.Queue-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | doHandleReplyTo | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | jmsConnector | _[org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsConnector|#org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsConnector-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | jmsMessageConvertor | _[org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsMesageConvertor|#org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsMesageConvertor-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | localQueueName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | outboundQueueName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the name of the outbound queue name.  If the inbound queue name
has not been set already then this method uses the provided queue name
to set the inbound topic name as well.{html} |
    | producerConnection | _javax.jms.QueueConnection_ | {html}{html} |
    | producerQueue | _[javax.jms.Queue|#javax.jms.Queue-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | selector | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:outboundTopicBridge-element}
h3. The _[<outboundTopicBridge>|#outboundTopicBridge-element]_ Element
    {html}Create an Outbound Topic Bridge.  By default the bridge uses the same
name for both the inbound and outbound topics, however this can be altered
by using the public setter methods to configure both inbound and outbound
topic names.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | consumer | _javax.jms.MessageConsumer_ | {html}{html} |
    | consumerConnection | _javax.jms.TopicConnection_ | {html}{html} |
    | consumerName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | consumerTopic | _[javax.jms.Topic|#javax.jms.Topic-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | doHandleReplyTo | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | jmsConnector | _[org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsConnector|#org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsConnector-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | jmsMessageConvertor | _[org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsMesageConvertor|#org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsMesageConvertor-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | localTopicName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | outboundTopicName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the name of the outbound topic name.  If the inbound topic name
has not been set already then this method uses the provided topic name
to set the inbound topic name as well.{html} |
    | producerConnection | _javax.jms.TopicConnection_ | {html}{html} |
    | producerTopic | _[javax.jms.Topic|#javax.jms.Topic-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | selector | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:pListStore-element}
h3. The _[<pListStore>|#pListStore-element]_ Element
    {html}{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | brokerService | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService|#org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | cleanupInterval | _long_ | {html}{html} |
    | directory | _java.io.File_ | {html}{html} |
    | enableIndexWriteAsync | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | failIfDatabaseIsLocked | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | indexCacheSize | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | indexEnablePageCaching | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | indexPageSize | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | indexWriteBatchSize | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | journalMaxFileLength | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | journalMaxWriteBatchSize | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | lazyInit | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:policyEntry-element}
h3. The _[<policyEntry>|#policyEntry-element]_ Element
    {html}Represents an entry in a {@link PolicyMap} for assigning policies to a
specific destination or a hierarchical wildcard area of destinations.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | advisoryForConsumed | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | advisoryForDelivery | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | advisoryForDiscardingMessages | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | advisoryForFastProducers | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | advisoryForSlowConsumers | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | advisoryWhenFull | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | allConsumersExclusiveByDefault | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | alwaysRetroactive | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | blockedProducerWarningInterval | _long_ | {html}Set's the interval at which warnings about producers being blocked by
resource usage will be triggered. Values of 0 or less will disable
warnings{html} |
    | consumersBeforeDispatchStarts | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | cursorMemoryHighWaterMark | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | deadLetterStrategy | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.DeadLetterStrategy|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.DeadLetterStrategy-types]_ | {html}Sets the policy used to determine which dead letter queue destination
should be used{html} |
    | destination | _[org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination|#org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | dispatchPolicy | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.DispatchPolicy|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.DispatchPolicy-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | doOptimzeMessageStorage | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | durableTopicPrefetch | _int_ | {html}Get the durableTopicPrefetch{html} |
    | enableAudit | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | expireMessagesPeriod | _long_ | {html}{html} |
    | gcInactiveDestinations | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | gcWithNetworkConsumers | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | inactiveTimoutBeforeGC | _long_ | {html}{html} |
    | lazyDispatch | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | maxAuditDepth | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | maxBrowsePageSize | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | maxExpirePageSize | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | maxPageSize | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | maxProducersToAudit | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | maxQueueAuditDepth | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | memoryLimit | _java.lang.String_ | {html}When set using Xbean, values of the form "20 Mb", "1024kb", and "1g" can be used{html} |
    | messageEvictionStrategy | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.MessageEvictionStrategy|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.MessageEvictionStrategy-types]_ | {html}Sets the eviction strategy used to decide which message to evict when the
slow consumer needs to discard messages{html} |
    | messageGroupMapFactory | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.group.MessageGroupMapFactory|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.group.MessageGroupMapFactory-types]_ | {html}Sets the factory used to create new instances of {MessageGroupMap} used
to implement the <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/message-groups.html">Message Groups</a>
functionality.{html} |
    | minimumMessageSize | _long_ | {html}{html} |
    | networkBridgeFilterFactory | _[org.apache.activemq.network.NetworkBridgeFilterFactory|#org.apache.activemq.network.NetworkBridgeFilterFactory-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | optimizeMessageStoreInFlightLimit | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | optimizedDispatch | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | pendingDurableSubscriberPolicy | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PendingDurableSubscriberMessageStoragePolicy|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PendingDurableSubscriberMessageStoragePolicy-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | pendingMessageLimitStrategy | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PendingMessageLimitStrategy|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PendingMessageLimitStrategy-types]_ | {html}Sets the strategy to calculate the maximum number of messages that are
allowed to be pending on consumers (in addition to their prefetch sizes).
Once the limit is reached, non-durable topics can then start discarding
old messages. This allows us to keep dispatching messages to slow
consumers while not blocking fast consumers and discarding the messages
oldest first.{html} |
    | pendingQueuePolicy | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PendingQueueMessageStoragePolicy|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PendingQueueMessageStoragePolicy-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | pendingSubscriberPolicy | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PendingSubscriberMessageStoragePolicy|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PendingSubscriberMessageStoragePolicy-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | prioritizedMessages | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | producerFlowControl | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | queue | _java.lang.String_ | {html}A helper method to set the destination from a configuration file{html} |
    | queueBrowserPrefetch | _int_ | {html}Get the queueBrowserPrefetch{html} |
    | queuePrefetch | _int_ | {html}Get the queuePrefetch{html} |
    | reduceMemoryFootprint | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | sendAdvisoryIfNoConsumers | _boolean_ | {html}Sends an advisory message if a non-persistent message is sent and there
are no active consumers{html} |
    | slowConsumerStrategy | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.SlowConsumerStrategy|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.SlowConsumerStrategy-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | storeUsageHighWaterMark | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | strictOrderDispatch | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | subscriptionRecoveryPolicy | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.SubscriptionRecoveryPolicy|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.SubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | tempQueue | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | tempTopic | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | timeBeforeDispatchStarts | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | topic | _java.lang.String_ | {html}A helper method to set the destination from a configuration file{html} |
    | topicPrefetch | _int_ | {html}Get the topicPrefetch{html} |
    | useCache | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | useConsumerPriority | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | usePrefetchExtension | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:policyMap-element}
h3. The _[<policyMap>|#policyMap-element]_ Element
    {html}Represents a destination based configuration of policies so that individual
destinations or wildcard hierarchies of destinations can be configured using
different policies.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | defaultEntry | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PolicyEntry|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PolicyEntry-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | entries | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}A helper method to allow the destination map to be populated from a
dependency injection framework such as Spring{html} |
    | policyEntries | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}Sets the individual entries on the policy map{html} |

{anchor:postgresql-jdbc-adapter-element}
h3. The _[<postgresql-jdbc-adapter>|#postgresql-jdbc-adapter-element]_ Element
    {html}Implements all the default JDBC operations that are used
by the JDBCPersistenceAdapter.
<p/>
Subclassing is encouraged to override the default
implementation of methods to account for differences
in JDBC Driver implementations.
<p/>
The JDBCAdapter inserts and extracts BLOB data using the
getBytes()/setBytes() operations.
<p/>
The databases/JDBC drivers that use this adapter are:
<ul>
<li></li>
</ul>{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | acksPkName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | batchStatments | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | maxRows | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | statements | _[org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements|#org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | useExternalMessageReferences | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:prefetchPolicy-element}
h3. The _[<prefetchPolicy>|#prefetchPolicy-element]_ Element
    {html}Defines the prefetch message policies for different types of consumers{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | all | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | durableTopicPrefetch | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | inputStreamPrefetch | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | maximumPendingMessageLimit | _int_ | {html}Sets how many messages a broker will keep around, above the prefetch
limit, for non-durable topics before starting to discard older messages.{html} |
    | optimizeDurableTopicPrefetch | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | queueBrowserPrefetch | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | queuePrefetch | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | topicPrefetch | _int_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:prefetchRatePendingMessageLimitStrategy-element}
h3. The _[<prefetchRatePendingMessageLimitStrategy>|#prefetchRatePendingMessageLimitStrategy-element]_ Element
    {html}This PendingMessageLimitStrategy sets the maximum pending message limit value to be
a multiplier of the prefetch limit of the subscription.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | multiplier | _double_ | {html}Sets the multiplier of the prefetch size which will be used to define the maximum number of pending
messages for non-durable topics before messages are discarded.{html} |

{anchor:priorityNetworkDispatchPolicy-element}
h3. The _[<priorityNetworkDispatchPolicy>|#priorityNetworkDispatchPolicy-element]_ Element
    {html}dispatch policy that ignores lower priority duplicate network consumers,
used in conjunction with network bridge suppresDuplicateTopicSubscriptions{html}

{anchor:proxyConnector-element}
h3. The _[<proxyConnector>|#proxyConnector-element]_ Element
    {html}{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | bind | _java.net.URI_ | {html}{html} |
    | localUri | _java.net.URI_ | {html}{html} |
    | name | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | proxyToLocalBroker | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | remote | _java.net.URI_ | {html}{html} |
    | server | _org.apache.activemq.transport.TransportServer_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:queryBasedSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-element}
h3. The _[<queryBasedSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy>|#queryBasedSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-element]_ Element
    {html}This implementation of {@link SubscriptionRecoveryPolicy} will perform a user
specific query mechanism to load any messages they may have missed.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | broker | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.Broker|#org.apache.activemq.broker.Broker-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | query | _org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.MessageQuery_ | {html}Sets the query strategy to load initial messages{html} |

{anchor:queue-element}
h3. The _[<queue>|#queue-element]_ Element
    {html}An ActiveMQ Queue{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | compositeDestinations | (_[org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination|#org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination-types]_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | name | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | physicalName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | properties | _java.util.Properties_ | {html}Get the properties from this instance for storing in JNDI{html} |

{anchor:queueDispatchSelector-element}
h3. The _[<queueDispatchSelector>|#queueDispatchSelector-element]_ Element
    {html}Queue dispatch policy that determines if a message can be sent to a subscription{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | destination | _[org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination|#org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | exclusiveConsumer | _org.apache.activemq.broker.region.Subscription_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:reconnectionPolicy-element}
h3. The _[<reconnectionPolicy>|#reconnectionPolicy-element]_ Element
    {html}A policy object that defines how a {@link JmsConnector} deals with
reconnection of the local and foreign connections.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | backOffMultiplier | _double_ | {html}Gets the multiplier used to grow the delay between connection attempts from the initial
time to the max set time.  By default this value is set to 2.0.{html} |
    | initialReconnectDelay | _long_ | {html}Gets the initial delay value used before a reconnection attempt is made.  If the
use exponential back-off value is set to false then this will be the fixed time
between connection attempts.  By default this value is set to one second.{html} |
    | maxInitialConnectAttempts | _int_ | {html}Gets the maximum number of times that the {@link JmsConnector} will try
to connect on startup to before it marks itself as failed and does not
try any further connections.{html} |
    | maxReconnectAttempts | _int_ | {html}Gets the number of time that {@link JmsConnector} will attempt to connect
or reconnect before giving up.  By default the policy sets this value to
a negative value meaning try forever.{html} |
    | maxSendRetries | _int_ | {html}Gets the maximum number of a times a Message send should be retried before
a JMSExeception is thrown indicating that the operation failed.{html} |
    | maximumReconnectDelay | _long_ | {html}Gets the maximum delay that is inserted between each attempt to connect
before another attempt is made.  The default setting for this value is
30 seconds.{html} |
    | sendRetyDelay | _long_ | {html}Set the amount of time the DestionationBridge will wait between attempts
to forward a message.  The default policy limits the minimum time between
send attempt to one second.{html} |
    | useExponentialBackOff | _boolean_ | {html}Gets whether the policy uses the set back-off multiplier to grow the time between
connection attempts.{html} |

{anchor:redeliveryPlugin-element}
h3. The _[<redeliveryPlugin>|#redeliveryPlugin-element]_ Element
    {html}Replace regular DLQ handling with redelivery via a resend to the original destination
after a delay
A destination matching RedeliveryPolicy controls the quantity and delay for re-sends
If there is no matching policy or an existing policy limit is exceeded by default
regular DLQ processing resumes. This is controlled via sendToDlqIfMaxRetriesExceeded
and fallbackToDeadLetter{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | adminConnectionContext | _org.apache.activemq.broker.ConnectionContext_ | {html}{html} |
    | fallbackToDeadLetter | _boolean_ | {html}What to do if there is no matching redelivery policy for a destination.
when true, the region broker DLQ processing will be used via sendToDeadLetterQueue
when false, there is no action{html} |
    | next | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.Broker|#org.apache.activemq.broker.Broker-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | redeliveryPolicyMap | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.RedeliveryPolicyMap|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.RedeliveryPolicyMap-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | sendToDlqIfMaxRetriesExceeded | _boolean_ | {html}What to do if the maxretries on a matching redelivery policy is exceeded.
when true, the region broker DLQ processing will be used via sendToDeadLetterQueue
when false, there is no action{html} |

{anchor:redeliveryPolicy-element}
h3. The _[<redeliveryPolicy>|#redeliveryPolicy-element]_ Element
    {html}Configuration options for a messageConsumer used to control how messages are re-delivered when they
are rolled back.
May be used server side on a per destination basis via the Broker RedeliveryPlugin{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | backOffMultiplier | _double_ | {html}{html} |
    | collisionAvoidancePercent | _short_ | {html}{html} |
    | destination | _[org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination|#org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | initialRedeliveryDelay | _long_ | {html}{html} |
    | maximumRedeliveries | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | maximumRedeliveryDelay | _long_ | {html}{html} |
    | queue | _java.lang.String_ | {html}A helper method to set the destination from a configuration file{html} |
    | redeliveryDelay | _long_ | {html}{html} |
    | tempQueue | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | tempTopic | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | topic | _java.lang.String_ | {html}A helper method to set the destination from a configuration file{html} |
    | useCollisionAvoidance | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | useExponentialBackOff | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:redeliveryPolicyMap-element}
h3. The _[<redeliveryPolicyMap>|#redeliveryPolicyMap-element]_ Element
    {html}Represents a destination based configuration of policies so that individual
destinations or wildcard hierarchies of destinations can be configured using
different policies.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | defaultEntry | _[org.apache.activemq.RedeliveryPolicy|#org.apache.activemq.RedeliveryPolicy-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | entries | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}A helper method to allow the destination map to be populated from a
dependency injection framework such as Spring{html} |
    | redeliveryPolicyEntries | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}Sets the individual entries on the redeliveryPolicyMap{html} |

{anchor:roundRobinDispatchPolicy-element}
h3. The _[<roundRobinDispatchPolicy>|#roundRobinDispatchPolicy-element]_ Element
    {html}Simple dispatch policy that sends a message to every subscription that
matches the message.{html}

{anchor:shared-file-locker-element}
h3. The _[<shared-file-locker>|#shared-file-locker-element]_ Element
    {html}Represents an exclusive lock on a database to avoid multiple brokers running
against the same logical database.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | directory | _java.io.File_ | {html}{html} |
    | failIfLocked | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | lockAcquireSleepInterval | _long_ | {html}{html} |
    | name | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:sharedDeadLetterStrategy-element}
h3. The _[<sharedDeadLetterStrategy>|#sharedDeadLetterStrategy-element]_ Element
    {html}A default implementation of {@link DeadLetterStrategy} which uses
a constant destination.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | deadLetterQueue | _[org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination|#org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | enableAudit | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | processExpired | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | processNonPersistent | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:simpleAuthenticationPlugin-element}
h3. The _[<simpleAuthenticationPlugin>|#simpleAuthenticationPlugin-element]_ Element
    {html}Provides a simple authentication plugin{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | anonymousAccessAllowed | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | anonymousGroup | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | anonymousUser | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | userGroups | _java.util.Map_ | {html}Sets the groups a user is in. The key is the user name and the value is a
Set of groups{html} |
    | userPasswords | _java.util.Map_ | {html}Sets the map indexed by user name with the value the password{html} |
    | users | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}Sets individual users for authentication{html} |

{anchor:simpleAuthorizationMap-element}
h3. The _[<simpleAuthorizationMap>|#simpleAuthorizationMap-element]_ Element
    {html}An AuthorizationMap which is configured with individual DestinationMaps for
each operation.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | adminACLs | _[org.apache.activemq.filter.DestinationMap|#org.apache.activemq.filter.DestinationMap-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | readACLs | _[org.apache.activemq.filter.DestinationMap|#org.apache.activemq.filter.DestinationMap-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | tempDestinationAuthorizationEntry | _[org.apache.activemq.security.TempDestinationAuthorizationEntry|#org.apache.activemq.security.TempDestinationAuthorizationEntry-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | writeACLs | _[org.apache.activemq.filter.DestinationMap|#org.apache.activemq.filter.DestinationMap-types]_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:simpleDispatchPolicy-element}
h3. The _[<simpleDispatchPolicy>|#simpleDispatchPolicy-element]_ Element
    {html}Simple dispatch policy that sends a message to every subscription that
matches the message.{html}

{anchor:simpleDispatchSelector-element}
h3. The _[<simpleDispatchSelector>|#simpleDispatchSelector-element]_ Element
    {html}Simple dispatch policy that determines if a message can be sent to a subscription{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | destination | _[org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination|#org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination-types]_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:simpleJmsMessageConvertor-element}
h3. The _[<simpleJmsMessageConvertor>|#simpleJmsMessageConvertor-element]_ Element
    {html}Converts Message from one JMS to another{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | connection | _javax.jms.Connection_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:simpleMessageGroupMapFactory-element}
h3. The _[<simpleMessageGroupMapFactory>|#simpleMessageGroupMapFactory-element]_ Element
    {html}A factory to create instances of {@link SimpleMessageGroupMap} when implementing the 
<a href="http://activemq.apache.org/message-groups.html">Message Groups</a> functionality.{html}

{anchor:sslContext-element}
h3. The _[<sslContext>|#sslContext-element]_ Element
    {html}Extends the SslContext so that it's easier to configure from spring.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | SSLContext | _javax.net.ssl.SSLContext_ | {html}{html} |
    | keyManagers | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | keyStore | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | keyStoreAlgorithm | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | keyStoreKeyPassword | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | keyStorePassword | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | keyStoreType | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | protocol | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | provider | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | secureRandom | _java.security.SecureRandom_ | {html}{html} |
    | secureRandomAlgorithm | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | trustManagers | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | trustStore | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | trustStoreAlgorithm | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | trustStorePassword | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | trustStoreType | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:statements-element}
h3. The _[<statements>|#statements-element]_ Element
    {html}{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | addMessageStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | binaryDataType | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | clearDurableLastAckInTxStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | clearXidFlagStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | containerNameDataType | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | createDurableSubStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | createSchemaStatements | (_java.lang.String_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | currentDateTimeStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | deleteOldMessagesStatementWithPriority | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | deleteSubscriptionStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | destinationMessageCountStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | dropAckPKAlterStatementEnd | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | dropSchemaStatements | (_java.lang.String_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | durableSubAcksTableName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | durableSubscriberMessageCountStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | durableSubscriberMessageCountStatementWithPriority | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | findAcksPendingOutcomeStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | findAllDestinationsStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | findAllDurableSubMessagesStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | findAllDurableSubsStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | findAllMessagesStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | findDurableSubMessagesStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | findDurableSubStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | findLastSequenceIdInAcksStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | findLastSequenceIdInMsgsStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | findMessageByIdStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | findMessageSequenceIdStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | findMessageStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | findNextMessagesStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | findOpsPendingOutcomeStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | findXidByIdStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | insertDurablePriorityAckStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | lastAckedDurableSubscriberMessageStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | lastProducerSequenceIdStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | leaseObtainStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | leaseOwnerStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | leaseUpdateStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | lockCreateStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | lockTableName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | lockUpdateStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | longDataType | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | messageTableName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | msgIdDataType | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | nextDurableSubscriberMessageStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | removeAllMessagesStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | removeAllSubscriptionsStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | removeMessageStatment | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | selectDurablePriorityAckStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | sequenceDataType | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | stringIdDataType | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | tablePrefix | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | updateDurableLastAckInTxStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | updateDurableLastAckStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | updateDurableLastAckWithPriorityInTxStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | updateDurableLastAckWithPriorityStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | updateLastPriorityAckRowOfDurableSubStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | updateMessageStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | updateXidFlagStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | useExternalMessageReferences | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | useLockCreateWhereClause | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:statisticsBrokerPlugin-element}
h3. The _[<statisticsBrokerPlugin>|#statisticsBrokerPlugin-element]_ Element
    {html}A StatisticsBrokerPlugin
You can retrieve a Map Message for a Destination - or
Broker containing statistics as key-value pairs The message must contain a
replyTo Destination - else its ignored
To retrieve stats on the broker send a empty message to ActiveMQ.Statistics.Broker (Queue or Topic)
With a replyTo set to the destination you want the stats returned to.
To retrieve stats for a destination - e.g. foo - send an empty message to ActiveMQ.Statistics.Destination.foo
- this works with wildcards to - you get a message for each wildcard match on the replyTo destination.
The stats message is a MapMessage populated with statistics for the target{html}

{anchor:storeCursor-element}
h3. The _[<storeCursor>|#storeCursor-element]_ Element
    {html}Pending messages{html}

{anchor:storeDurableSubscriberCursor-element}
h3. The _[<storeDurableSubscriberCursor>|#storeDurableSubscriberCursor-element]_ Element
    {html}Pending messages for a durable{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | immediatePriorityDispatch | _boolean_ | {html}Ensure that new higher priority messages will get an immediate dispatch
rather than wait for the end of the current cursor batch.
Useful when there is a large message backlog and intermittent high priority messages.{html} |
    | useCache | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:storeUsage-element}
h3. The _[<storeUsage>|#storeUsage-element]_ Element
    {html}Used to keep track of how much of something is being used so that a
productive working set usage can be controlled. Main use case is manage
memory usage.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | executor | _java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor_ | {html}{html} |
    | limit | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the memory limit in bytes. Setting the limit in bytes will set the
usagePortion to 0 since the UsageManager is not going to be portion based
off the parent.
When set using Xbean, values of the form "20 Mb", "1024kb", and "1g" can be used{html} |
    | limiter | _[org.apache.activemq.usage.UsageCapacity|#org.apache.activemq.usage.UsageCapacity-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | name | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | parent | _T_ | {html}{html} |
    | percentUsage | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | percentUsageMinDelta | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the minimum number of percentage points the usage has to change
before a UsageListener event is fired by the manager.{html} |
    | pollingTime | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | store | _[org.apache.activemq.store.PersistenceAdapter|#org.apache.activemq.store.PersistenceAdapter-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | usagePortion | _float_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:streamJDBCAdapter-element}
h3. The _[<streamJDBCAdapter>|#streamJDBCAdapter-element]_ Element
    {html}This JDBCAdapter inserts and extracts BLOB data using the
setBinaryStream()/getBinaryStream() operations.

The databases/JDBC drivers that use this adapter are:
<ul>
<li>Axion</li>
</ul>{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | batchStatments | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | maxRows | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | statements | _[org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements|#org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | useExternalMessageReferences | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:strictOrderDispatchPolicy-element}
h3. The _[<strictOrderDispatchPolicy>|#strictOrderDispatchPolicy-element]_ Element
    {html}Dispatch policy that causes every subscription to see messages in the same
order.{html}

{anchor:sybase-jdbc-adapter-element}
h3. The _[<sybase-jdbc-adapter>|#sybase-jdbc-adapter-element]_ Element
    {html}A JDBC Adapter for Sybase databases{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | batchStatments | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | maxRows | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | statements | _[org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements|#org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | useExternalMessageReferences | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:systemUsage-element}
h3. The _[<systemUsage>|#systemUsage-element]_ Element
    {html}Holder for Usage instances for memory, store and temp files Main use case is
manage memory usage.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | adapter | _[org.apache.activemq.store.PersistenceAdapter|#org.apache.activemq.store.PersistenceAdapter-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | executor | _java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor_ | {html}{html} |
    | memoryUsage | _[org.apache.activemq.usage.MemoryUsage|#org.apache.activemq.usage.MemoryUsage-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | name | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | parent | _[org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage|#org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | sendFailIfNoSpace | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether or not a send() should fail if there is no space free. The
default value is false which means to block the send() method until space
becomes available{html} |
    | sendFailIfNoSpaceAfterTimeout | _long_ | {html}{html} |
    | sendFailIfNoSpaceExplicitySet | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | storeUsage | _[org.apache.activemq.usage.StoreUsage|#org.apache.activemq.usage.StoreUsage-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | tempStore | _[org.apache.activemq.store.kahadb.plist.PListStore|#org.apache.activemq.store.kahadb.plist.PListStore-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | tempUsage | _[org.apache.activemq.usage.TempUsage|#org.apache.activemq.usage.TempUsage-types]_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:taskRunnerFactory-element}
h3. The _[<taskRunnerFactory>|#taskRunnerFactory-element]_ Element
    {html}Manages the thread pool for long running tasks. Long running tasks are not
always active but when they are active, they may need a few iterations of
processing for them to become idle. The manager ensures that each task is
processes but that no one task overtakes the system. This is kinda like
cooperative multitasking.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | daemon | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | dedicatedTaskRunner | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | executor | _java.util.concurrent.ExecutorService_ | {html}{html} |
    | maxIterationsPerRun | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | maxThreadPoolSize | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | name | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | priority | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | rejectedTaskHandler | _java.util.concurrent.RejectedExecutionHandler_ | {html}{html} |
    | shutdownAwaitTermination | _long_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:tempDestinationAuthorizationEntry-element}
h3. The _[<tempDestinationAuthorizationEntry>|#tempDestinationAuthorizationEntry-element]_ Element
    {html}Represents an entry in a {@link DefaultAuthorizationMap} for assigning
different operations (read, write, admin) of user roles to a temporary
destination{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | admin | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | adminACLs | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | destination | _[org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination|#org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | groupClass | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | queue | _java.lang.String_ | {html}A helper method to set the destination from a configuration file{html} |
    | read | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | readACLs | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | tempQueue | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | tempTopic | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | topic | _java.lang.String_ | {html}A helper method to set the destination from a configuration file{html} |
    | write | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | writeACLs | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}{html} |

{anchor:tempQueue-element}
h3. The _[<tempQueue>|#tempQueue-element]_ Element
    {html}An ActiveMQ Temporary Queue Destination{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | compositeDestinations | (_[org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination|#org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination-types]_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | connection | _org.apache.activemq.ActiveMQConnection_ | {html}{html} |
    | connectionId | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | name | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | physicalName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | properties | _java.util.Properties_ | {html}Get the properties from this instance for storing in JNDI{html} |
    | sequenceId | _long_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:tempTopic-element}
h3. The _[<tempTopic>|#tempTopic-element]_ Element
    {html}An ActiveMQ Temporary Topic Destination{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | compositeDestinations | (_[org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination|#org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination-types]_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | connection | _org.apache.activemq.ActiveMQConnection_ | {html}{html} |
    | connectionId | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | name | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | physicalName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | properties | _java.util.Properties_ | {html}Get the properties from this instance for storing in JNDI{html} |
    | sequenceId | _long_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:tempUsage-element}
h3. The _[<tempUsage>|#tempUsage-element]_ Element
    {html}Used to keep track of how much of something is being used so that a
productive working set usage can be controlled. Main use case is manage
memory usage.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | executor | _java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor_ | {html}{html} |
    | limit | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the memory limit in bytes. Setting the limit in bytes will set the
usagePortion to 0 since the UsageManager is not going to be portion based
off the parent.
When set using Xbean, values of the form "20 Mb", "1024kb", and "1g" can be used{html} |
    | limiter | _[org.apache.activemq.usage.UsageCapacity|#org.apache.activemq.usage.UsageCapacity-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | name | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | parent | _T_ | {html}{html} |
    | percentUsage | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | percentUsageMinDelta | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the minimum number of percentage points the usage has to change
before a UsageListener event is fired by the manager.{html} |
    | pollingTime | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | store | _[org.apache.activemq.store.kahadb.plist.PListStore|#org.apache.activemq.store.kahadb.plist.PListStore-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | usagePortion | _float_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:timeStampingBrokerPlugin-element}
h3. The _[<timeStampingBrokerPlugin>|#timeStampingBrokerPlugin-element]_ Element
    {html}A Broker interceptor which updates a JMS Client's timestamp on the message
with a broker timestamp. Useful when the clocks on client machines are known
to not be correct and you can only trust the time set on the broker machines.

Enabling this plugin will break JMS compliance since the timestamp that the
producer sees on the messages after as send() will be different from the
timestamp the consumer will observe when he receives the message. This plugin
is not enabled in the default ActiveMQ configuration.

2 new attributes have been added which will allow the administrator some override control
over the expiration time for incoming messages:

Attribute 'zeroExpirationOverride' can be used to apply an expiration
time to incoming messages with no expiration defined (messages that would never expire)

Attribute 'ttlCeiling' can be used to apply a limit to the expiration time{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | adminConnectionContext | _org.apache.activemq.broker.ConnectionContext_ | {html}{html} |
    | futureOnly | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | next | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.Broker|#org.apache.activemq.broker.Broker-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | processNetworkMessages | _java.lang.Boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | ttlCeiling | _long_ | {html}setter method for ttlCeiling{html} |
    | zeroExpirationOverride | _long_ | {html}setter method for zeroExpirationOverride{html} |

{anchor:timedSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-element}
h3. The _[<timedSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy>|#timedSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-element]_ Element
    {html}This implementation of {@link SubscriptionRecoveryPolicy} will keep a timed
buffer of messages around in memory and use that to recover new
subscriptions.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | broker | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.Broker|#org.apache.activemq.broker.Broker-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | recoverDuration | _long_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:topic-element}
h3. The _[<topic>|#topic-element]_ Element
    {html}An ActiveMQ Topic{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | compositeDestinations | (_[org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination|#org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination-types]_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | name | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | physicalName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | properties | _java.util.Properties_ | {html}Get the properties from this instance for storing in JNDI{html} |

{anchor:traceBrokerPathPlugin-element}
h3. The _[<traceBrokerPathPlugin>|#traceBrokerPathPlugin-element]_ Element
    {html}The TraceBrokerPathPlugin can be used in a network of Brokers. Each Broker
that has the plugin configured, will add it's brokerName to the content
of a JMS Property. If all Brokers have this property enabled, the path the
message actually took through the network can be seen in the defined property.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | adminConnectionContext | _org.apache.activemq.broker.ConnectionContext_ | {html}{html} |
    | next | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.Broker|#org.apache.activemq.broker.Broker-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | stampProperty | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:transact-database-locker-element}
h3. The _[<transact-database-locker>|#transact-database-locker-element]_ Element
    {html}Represents an exclusive lock on a database to avoid multiple brokers running
against the same logical database.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | exceptionHandler | _org.apache.activemq.util.Handler_ | {html}{html} |
    | failIfLocked | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | lockAcquireSleepInterval | _long_ | {html}{html} |
    | name | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | queryTimeout | _int_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:transact-jdbc-adapter-element}
h3. The _[<transact-jdbc-adapter>|#transact-jdbc-adapter-element]_ Element
    {html}A JDBC Adapter for Transact-SQL based databases such as SQL Server or Sybase{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | batchStatments | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | maxRows | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | statements | _[org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements|#org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | useExternalMessageReferences | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:transportConnector-element}
h3. The _[<transportConnector>|#transportConnector-element]_ Element
    {html}{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | auditNetworkProducers | _boolean_ | {html}Enable a producer audit on network connections, Traps the case of a missing send reply and resend.
Note: does not work with conduit=false, networked composite destinations or networked virtual topics{html} |
    | brokerInfo | _org.apache.activemq.command.BrokerInfo_ | {html}{html} |
    | brokerService | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService|#org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService-types]_ | {html}This is called by the BrokerService right before it starts the transport.{html} |
    | disableAsyncDispatch | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | discoveryAgent | _org.apache.activemq.transport.discovery.DiscoveryAgent_ | {html}{html} |
    | discoveryUri | _java.net.URI_ | {html}{html} |
    | enableStatusMonitor | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | maximumConsumersAllowedPerConnection | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | maximumProducersAllowedPerConnection | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | messageAuthorizationPolicy | _org.apache.activemq.security.MessageAuthorizationPolicy_ | {html}Sets the policy used to decide if the current connection is authorized to
consume a given message{html} |
    | name | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | rebalanceClusterClients | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | server | _org.apache.activemq.transport.TransportServer_ | {html}{html} |
    | taskRunnerFactory | _[org.apache.activemq.thread.TaskRunnerFactory|#org.apache.activemq.thread.TaskRunnerFactory-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | updateClusterClients | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | updateClusterClientsOnRemove | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | updateClusterFilter | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | uri | _java.net.URI_ | {html}Sets the server transport URI to use if there is not a
{@link TransportServer} configured via the
{@link #setServer(TransportServer)} method. This value is used to lazy
create a {@link TransportServer} instance{html} |

{anchor:udpTraceBrokerPlugin-element}
h3. The _[<udpTraceBrokerPlugin>|#udpTraceBrokerPlugin-element]_ Element
    {html}A Broker interceptor which allows you to trace all operations to a UDP
socket.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | address | _java.net.SocketAddress_ | {html}{html} |
    | adminConnectionContext | _org.apache.activemq.broker.ConnectionContext_ | {html}{html} |
    | broadcast | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | destination | _java.net.URI_ | {html}{html} |
    | maxTraceDatagramSize | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | next | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.Broker|#org.apache.activemq.broker.Broker-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | wireFormat | _org.apache.activemq.wireformat.WireFormat_ | {html}{html} |
    | wireFormatFactory | _org.apache.activemq.wireformat.WireFormatFactory_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:uniquePropertyMessageEvictionStrategy-element}
h3. The _[<uniquePropertyMessageEvictionStrategy>|#uniquePropertyMessageEvictionStrategy-element]_ Element
    {html}An eviction strategy which evicts the oldest message within messages with the same property value{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | evictExpiredMessagesHighWatermark | _int_ | {html}Sets the high water mark on which we will eagerly evict expired messages from RAM{html} |
    | propertyName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:usageCapacity-element}
h3. The _[<usageCapacity>|#usageCapacity-element]_ Element
    {html}Identify if a limit has been reached{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | limit | _long_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:virtualDestinationInterceptor-element}
h3. The _[<virtualDestinationInterceptor>|#virtualDestinationInterceptor-element]_ Element
    {html}Implements <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/virtual-destinations.html">Virtual Topics</a>.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | virtualDestinations | (_[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.virtual.VirtualDestination|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.virtual.VirtualDestination-types]_)\* | {html}{html} |

{anchor:virtualSelectorCacheBrokerPlugin-element}
h3. The _[<virtualSelectorCacheBrokerPlugin>|#virtualSelectorCacheBrokerPlugin-element]_ Element
    {html}A plugin which allows the caching of the selector from a subscription queue.
<p/>
This stops the build-up of unwanted messages, especially when consumers may
disconnect from time to time when using virtual destinations.
<p/>
This is influenced by code snippets developed by Maciej Rakowicz{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | persistFile | _java.io.File_ | {html}Sets the location of the persistent cache{html} |

{anchor:virtualTopic-element}
h3. The _[<virtualTopic>|#virtualTopic-element]_ Element
    {html}Creates <a href="http://activemq.org/site/virtual-destinations.html">Virtual
Topics</a> using a prefix and postfix. The virtual destination creates a
wildcard that is then used to look up all active queue subscriptions which
match.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | local | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | name | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | postfix | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets any postix used to identify the queue consumers{html} |
    | prefix | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the prefix wildcard used to identify the queue consumers for a given
topic{html} |
    | selectorAware | _boolean_ | {html}Indicates whether the selectors of consumers are used to determine dispatch
to a virtual destination, when true only messages matching an existing 
consumer will be dispatched.{html} |

{anchor:vmCursor-element}
h3. The _[<vmCursor>|#vmCursor-element]_ Element
    {html}Pending messages held{html}

{anchor:vmDurableCursor-element}
h3. The _[<vmDurableCursor>|#vmDurableCursor-element]_ Element
    {html}Pending{html}

{anchor:vmQueueCursor-element}
h3. The _[<vmQueueCursor>|#vmQueueCursor-element]_ Element
    {html}Pending messages{html}

{anchor:xaConnectionFactory-element}
h3. The _[<xaConnectionFactory>|#xaConnectionFactory-element]_ Element
    {html}A <a href="http://www.springframework.org/">Spring</a> enhanced XA connection
factory which will automatically use the Spring bean name as the clientIDPrefix property
so that connections created have client IDs related to your Spring.xml file for
easier comprehension from <a href="http://activemq.apache.org/jmx.html">JMX</a>.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | alwaysSessionAsync | _boolean_ | {html}If this flag is not set then a separate thread is not used for dispatching messages for each Session in
the Connection. However, a separate thread is always used if there is more than one session, or the session
isn't in auto acknowledge or duplicates ok mode.  By default this value is set to true and session dispatch
happens asynchronously.{html} |
    | alwaysSyncSend | _boolean_ | {html}Set true if always require messages to be sync sent{html} |
    | auditDepth | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | auditMaximumProducerNumber | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | beanName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | blobTransferPolicy | _org.apache.activemq.blob.BlobTransferPolicy_ | {html}Sets the policy used to describe how out-of-band BLOBs (Binary Large
OBjects) are transferred from producers to brokers to consumers{html} |
    | brokerURL | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/configuring-transports.html">connection
URL</a> used to connect to the ActiveMQ broker.{html} |
    | checkForDuplicates | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | clientID | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the JMS clientID to use for the created connection. Note that this
can only be used by one connection at once so generally its a better idea
to set the clientID on a Connection{html} |
    | clientIDPrefix | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the prefix used by autogenerated JMS Client ID values which are used
if the JMS client does not explicitly specify on.{html} |
    | clientIdGenerator | _org.apache.activemq.util.IdGenerator_ | {html}{html} |
    | clientInternalExceptionListener | _org.apache.activemq.ClientInternalExceptionListener_ | {html}Allows an {@link ClientInternalExceptionListener} to be configured on the ConnectionFactory so that when this factory
is used by frameworks which don't expose the Connection such as Spring JmsTemplate, you can register
an exception listener.
<p> Note: access to this clientInternalExceptionListener will <b>not</b> be serialized if it is associated with more than
on connection (as it will be if more than one connection is subsequently created by this connection factory){html} |
    | closeTimeout | _int_ | {html}Sets the timeout before a close is considered complete. Normally a
close() on a connection waits for confirmation from the broker; this
allows that operation to timeout to save the client hanging if there is
no broker{html} |
    | connectionIDPrefix | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the prefix used by connection id generator{html} |
    | connectionIdGenerator | _org.apache.activemq.util.IdGenerator_ | {html}{html} |
    | consumerFailoverRedeliveryWaitPeriod | _long_ | {html}{html} |
    | copyMessageOnSend | _boolean_ | {html}Should a JMS message be copied to a new JMS Message object as part of the
send() method in JMS. This is enabled by default to be compliant with the
JMS specification. You can disable it if you do not mutate JMS messages
after they are sent for a performance boost{html} |
    | disableTimeStampsByDefault | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether or not timestamps on messages should be disabled or not. If
you disable them it adds a small performance boost.{html} |
    | dispatchAsync | _boolean_ | {html}Enables or disables the default setting of whether or not consumers have
their messages <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/consumer-dispatch-async.html">dispatched
synchronously or asynchronously by the broker</a>. For non-durable
topics for example we typically dispatch synchronously by default to
minimize context switches which boost performance. However sometimes its
better to go slower to ensure that a single blocked consumer socket does
not block delivery to other consumers.{html} |
    | exceptionListener | _[javax.jms.ExceptionListener|#javax.jms.ExceptionListener-types]_ | {html}Allows an {@link ExceptionListener} to be configured on the ConnectionFactory so that when this factory
is used by frameworks which don't expose the Connection such as Spring JmsTemplate, you can register
an exception listener.
<p> Note: access to this exceptionLinstener will <b>not</b> be serialized if it is associated with more than
on connection (as it will be if more than one connection is subsequently created by this connection factory){html} |
    | exclusiveConsumer | _boolean_ | {html}Enables or disables whether or not queue consumers should be exclusive or
not for example to preserve ordering when not using <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/message-groups.html">Message Groups</a>{html} |
    | maxThreadPoolSize | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | messagePrioritySupported | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | nestedMapAndListEnabled | _boolean_ | {html}Enables/disables whether or not Message properties and MapMessage entries
support <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/structured-message-properties-and-mapmessages.html">Nested
Structures</a> of Map and List objects{html} |
    | nonBlockingRedelivery | _boolean_ | {html}When true a MessageConsumer will not stop Message delivery before re-delivering Messages
from a rolled back transaction.  This implies that message order will not be preserved and
also will result in the TransactedIndividualAck option to be enabled.{html} |
    | objectMessageSerializationDefered | _boolean_ | {html}When an object is set on an ObjectMessage, the JMS spec requires the
object to be serialized by that set method. Enabling this flag causes the
object to not get serialized. The object may subsequently get serialized
if the message needs to be sent over a socket or stored to disk.{html} |
    | optimizeAcknowledge | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | optimizeAcknowledgeTimeOut | _long_ | {html}The max time in milliseconds between optimized ack batches{html} |
    | optimizedAckScheduledAckInterval | _long_ | {html}Gets the configured time interval that is used to force all MessageConsumers that have optimizedAcknowledge enabled
to send an ack for any outstanding Message Acks.  By default this value is set to zero meaning that the consumers
will not do any background Message acknowledgment.{html} |
    | optimizedMessageDispatch | _boolean_ | {html}If this flag is set then an larger prefetch limit is used - only
applicable for durable topic subscribers.{html} |
    | password | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the JMS password used for connections created from this factory{html} |
    | prefetchPolicy | _[org.apache.activemq.ActiveMQPrefetchPolicy|#org.apache.activemq.ActiveMQPrefetchPolicy-types]_ | {html}Sets the <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/what-is-the-prefetch-limit-for.html">prefetch
policy</a> for consumers created by this connection.{html} |
    | producerWindowSize | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | properties | _java.util.Properties_ | {html}Get the properties from this instance for storing in JNDI{html} |
    | redeliveryPolicy | _[org.apache.activemq.RedeliveryPolicy|#org.apache.activemq.RedeliveryPolicy-types]_ | {html}Sets the global default redelivery policy to be used when a message is delivered
but the session is rolled back{html} |
    | redeliveryPolicyMap | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.RedeliveryPolicyMap|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.RedeliveryPolicyMap-types]_ | {html}Sets the global redelivery policy mapping to be used when a message is delivered
but the session is rolled back{html} |
    | rejectedTaskHandler | _java.util.concurrent.RejectedExecutionHandler_ | {html}{html} |
    | sendAcksAsync | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | sendTimeout | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | sessionTaskRunner | _[org.apache.activemq.thread.TaskRunnerFactory|#org.apache.activemq.thread.TaskRunnerFactory-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | statsEnabled | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | transactedIndividualAck | _boolean_ | {html}when true, submit individual transacted acks immediately rather than with transaction completion.
This allows the acks to represent delivery status which can be persisted on rollback
Used in conjunction with org.apache.activemq.store.kahadb.KahaDBPersistenceAdapter#setRewriteOnRedelivery(boolean)  true{html} |
    | transformer | _org.apache.activemq.MessageTransformer_ | {html}Sets the transformer used to transform messages before they are sent on
to the JMS bus or when they are received from the bus but before they are
delivered to the JMS client{html} |
    | transportListener | _org.apache.activemq.transport.TransportListener_ | {html}Allows a listener to be configured on the ConnectionFactory so that when this factory is used
with frameworks which don't expose the Connection such as Spring JmsTemplate, you can still register
a transport listener.{html} |
    | useAsyncSend | _boolean_ | {html}Forces the use of <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/async-sends.html">Async Sends</a> which
adds a massive performance boost; but means that the send() method will
return immediately whether the message has been sent or not which could
lead to message loss.{html} |
    | useBeanNameAsClientIdPrefix | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | useCompression | _boolean_ | {html}Enables the use of compression of the message bodies{html} |
    | useDedicatedTaskRunner | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | useRetroactiveConsumer | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether or not retroactive consumers are enabled. Retroactive
consumers allow non-durable topic subscribers to receive old messages
that were published before the non-durable subscriber started.{html} |
    | userName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the JMS userName used by connections created by this factory{html} |
    | warnAboutUnstartedConnectionTimeout | _long_ | {html}Enables the timeout from a connection creation to when a warning is
generated if the connection is not properly started via
{@link Connection#start()} and a message is received by a consumer. It is
a very common gotcha to forget to <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/i-am-not-receiving-any-messages-what-is-wrong.html">start
the connection</a> so this option makes the default case to create a
warning if the user forgets. To disable the warning just set the value to <
0 (say -1).{html} |
    | watchTopicAdvisories | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

h3. Element Index
    | _[<abortSlowConsumerStrategy>|#abortSlowConsumerStrategy-element]_ | {html}Abort slow consumers when they reach the configured threshold of slowness, default is slow for 30 seconds{html} |
    | _[<amqPersistenceAdapter>|#amqPersistenceAdapter-element]_ | {html}An implementation of {@link PersistenceAdapter} designed for use with a
{@link Journal} and then check pointing asynchronously on a timeout with some
other long term persistent storage.{html} |
    | _[<amqPersistenceAdapterFactory>|#amqPersistenceAdapterFactory-element]_ | {html}An implementation of {@link PersistenceAdapterFactory}{html} |
    | _[<authenticationUser>|#authenticationUser-element]_ | {html}A helper object used to configure simple authentiaction plugin{html} |
    | _[<authorizationEntry>|#authorizationEntry-element]_ | {html}Represents an entry in a {@link DefaultAuthorizationMap} for assigning
different operations (read, write, admin) of user roles to a specific
destination or a hierarchical wildcard area of destinations.{html} |
    | _[<authorizationMap>|#authorizationMap-element]_ | {html}Represents a destination based configuration of policies so that individual
destinations or wildcard hierarchies of destinations can be configured using
different policies. Each entry in the map represents the authorization ACLs
for each operation.{html} |
    | _[<authorizationPlugin>|#authorizationPlugin-element]_ | {html}An authorization plugin where each operation on a destination is checked
against an authorizationMap{html} |
    | _[<axionJDBCAdapter>|#axionJDBCAdapter-element]_ | {html}Axion specific Adapter.

Axion does not seem to support ALTER statements or sub-selects.  This means:
- We cannot auto upgrade the schema was we roll out new versions of ActiveMQ
- We cannot delete durable sub messages that have be acknowledged by all consumers.{html} |
    | _[<blobJDBCAdapter>|#blobJDBCAdapter-element]_ | {html}This JDBCAdapter inserts and extracts BLOB data using the getBlob()/setBlob()
operations. This is a little more involved since to insert a blob you have
to:

1: insert empty blob. 2: select the blob 3: finally update the blob with data
value.

The databases/JDBC drivers that use this adapter are:
<ul>
<li></li>
</ul>{html} |
    | _[<broker>|#broker-element]_ | {html}An ActiveMQ Message Broker. It consists of a number of transport
connectors, network connectors and a bunch of properties which can be used to
configure the broker as its lazily created.{html} |
    | _[<brokerService>|#brokerService-element]_ | {html}Manages the lifecycle of an ActiveMQ Broker. A BrokerService consists of a
number of transport connectors, network connectors and a bunch of properties
which can be used to configure the broker as its lazily created.{html} |
    | _[<bytesJDBCAdapter>|#bytesJDBCAdapter-element]_ | {html}This JDBCAdapter inserts and extracts BLOB data using the
setBytes()/getBytes() operations. The databases/JDBC drivers that use this
adapter are:{html} |
    | _[<cachedLDAPAuthorizationMap>|#cachedLDAPAuthorizationMap-element]_ | {html}A {@link DefaultAuthorizationMap} implementation which uses LDAP to initialize and update authorization
policy.{html} |
    | _[<commandAgent>|#commandAgent-element]_ | {html}An agent which listens to commands on a JMS destination{html} |
    | _[<compositeDemandForwardingBridge>|#compositeDemandForwardingBridge-element]_ | {html}A demand forwarding bridge which works with multicast style transports where
a single Transport could be communicating with multiple remote brokers{html} |
    | _[<compositeQueue>|#compositeQueue-element]_ | {html}Represents a virtual queue which forwards to a number of other destinations.{html} |
    | _[<compositeTopic>|#compositeTopic-element]_ | {html}Represents a virtual topic which forwards to a number of other destinations.{html} |
    | _[<conditionalNetworkBridgeFilterFactory>|#conditionalNetworkBridgeFilterFactory-element]_ | {html}implement conditional behaviour for queue consumers,
allows replaying back to origin if no consumers are present on the local broker
after a configurable delay, irrespective of the networkTTL
Also allows rate limiting of messages through the network, useful for static includes{html} |
    | _[<connectionDotFilePlugin>|#connectionDotFilePlugin-element]_ | {html}A <a href="http://www.graphviz.org/">DOT</a> file creator plugin which
creates a DOT file showing the current connections{html} |
    | _[<connectionFactory>|#connectionFactory-element]_ | {html}A <a href="http://www.springframework.org/">Spring</a> enhanced connection
factory which will automatically use the Spring bean name as the clientIDPrefix property
so that connections created have client IDs related to your Spring.xml file for
easier comprehension from <a href="http://activemq.apache.org/jmx.html">JMX</a>.{html} |
    | _[<constantPendingMessageLimitStrategy>|#constantPendingMessageLimitStrategy-element]_ | {html}This PendingMessageLimitStrategy is configured to a constant value for all subscriptions.{html} |
    | _[<database-locker>|#database-locker-element]_ | {html}Represents an exclusive lock on a database to avoid multiple brokers running
against the same logical database.{html} |
    | _[<db2JDBCAdapter>|#db2JDBCAdapter-element]_ | {html}{html} |
    | _[<defaultIOExceptionHandler>|#defaultIOExceptionHandler-element]_ | {html}{html} |
    | _[<defaultJDBCAdapter>|#defaultJDBCAdapter-element]_ | {html}Implements all the default JDBC operations that are used by the JDBCPersistenceAdapter. <p/> sub-classing is
encouraged to override the default implementation of methods to account for differences in JDBC Driver
implementations. <p/> The JDBCAdapter inserts and extracts BLOB data using the getBytes()/setBytes() operations. <p/>
The databases/JDBC drivers that use this adapter are:
<ul>
<li></li>
</ul>{html} |
    | _[<defaultNetworkBridgeFilterFactory>|#defaultNetworkBridgeFilterFactory-element]_ | {html}implement default behaviour, filter that will not allow resend to origin
based on brokerPath and which respects networkTTL{html} |
    | _[<defaultUsageCapacity>|#defaultUsageCapacity-element]_ | {html}Identify if a limit has been reached{html} |
    | _[<demandForwardingBridge>|#demandForwardingBridge-element]_ | {html}Forwards messages from the local broker to the remote broker based on demand.{html} |
    | _[<destinationDotFilePlugin>|#destinationDotFilePlugin-element]_ | {html}A <a href="http://www.graphviz.org/">DOT</a> 
file creator plugin which creates a DOT file showing the current topic & queue hierarchies.{html} |
    | _[<destinationEntry>|#destinationEntry-element]_ | {html}A default entry in a DestinationMap which holds a single value.{html} |
    | _[<destinationPathSeparatorPlugin>|#destinationPathSeparatorPlugin-element]_ | {html}{html} |
    | _[<discardingDLQBrokerPlugin>|#discardingDLQBrokerPlugin-element]_ | {html}{html} |
    | _[<fileCursor>|#fileCursor-element]_ | {html}Pending messages{html} |
    | _[<fileDurableSubscriberCursor>|#fileDurableSubscriberCursor-element]_ | {html}Pending messages for durable subscribers{html} |
    | _[<fileQueueCursor>|#fileQueueCursor-element]_ | {html}Pending{html} |
    | _[<filteredDestination>|#filteredDestination-element]_ | {html}Represents a destination which is filtered using some predicate such as a selector
so that messages are only dispatched to the destination if they match the filter.{html} |
    | _[<filteredKahaDB>|#filteredKahaDB-element]_ | {html}{html} |
    | _[<fixedCountSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy>|#fixedCountSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-element]_ | {html}This implementation of {@link SubscriptionRecoveryPolicy} will keep a fixed
count of last messages.{html} |
    | _[<fixedSizedSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy>|#fixedSizedSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-element]_ | {html}This implementation of {@link SubscriptionRecoveryPolicy} will keep a fixed
amount of memory available in RAM for message history which is evicted in
time order.{html} |
    | _[<forcePersistencyModeBroker>|#forcePersistencyModeBroker-element]_ | {html}A Plugin which allows to force every incoming message to be PERSISTENT or NON-PERSISTENT. 

Useful, if you have set the broker usage policy to process ONLY persistent or ONLY non-persistent
messages.{html} |
    | _[<forcePersistencyModeBrokerPlugin>|#forcePersistencyModeBrokerPlugin-element]_ | {html}A Plugin which allows to force every incoming message to be PERSISTENT or NON-PERSISTENT. 

Useful, if you have set the broker usage policy to process ONLY persistent or ONLY non-persistent
messages.{html} |
    | _[<forwardingBridge>|#forwardingBridge-element]_ | {html}Forwards all messages from the local broker to the remote broker.{html} |
    | _[<hsqldb-jdbc-adapter>|#hsqldb-jdbc-adapter-element]_ | {html}{html} |
    | _[<imageBasedJDBCAdaptor>|#imageBasedJDBCAdaptor-element]_ | {html}Provides JDBCAdapter since that uses
IMAGE datatype to hold binary data.

The databases/JDBC drivers that use this adapter are:
<ul>
<li>Sybase</li>
<li>MS SQL</li>
</ul>{html} |
    | _[<inboundQueueBridge>|#inboundQueueBridge-element]_ | {html}Create an Inbound Queue Bridge.  By default this class uses the sname name for
both the inbound and outbound queue.  This behavior can be overridden however
by using the setter methods to configure both the inbound and outboud queue names
separately.{html} |
    | _[<inboundTopicBridge>|#inboundTopicBridge-element]_ | {html}Create an Inbound Topic Bridge.  By default this class uses the topic name for
both the inbound and outbound topic.  This behavior can be overridden however
by using the setter methods to configure both the inbound and outboud topic names
separately.{html} |
    | _[<individualDeadLetterStrategy>|#individualDeadLetterStrategy-element]_ | {html}A {@link DeadLetterStrategy} where each destination has its own individual
DLQ using the subject naming hierarchy.{html} |
    | _[<informixJDBCAdapter>|#informixJDBCAdapter-element]_ | {html}JDBC Adapter for Informix database.
Because Informix database restricts length of composite primary keys, length of 
<i>container name</i> field and <i>subscription id</i> field must be reduced to 150 characters.
Therefore be sure not to use longer names for container name and subscription id than 150 characters.{html} |
    | _[<jDBCIOExceptionHandler>|#jDBCIOExceptionHandler-element]_ | {html}{html} |
    | _[<jaasAuthenticationPlugin>|#jaasAuthenticationPlugin-element]_ | {html}Provides a JAAS based authentication plugin{html} |
    | _[<jaasCertificateAuthenticationPlugin>|#jaasCertificateAuthenticationPlugin-element]_ | {html}Provides a JAAS based SSL certificate authentication plugin{html} |
    | _[<jaasDualAuthenticationPlugin>|#jaasDualAuthenticationPlugin-element]_ | {html}Provides a JAAS based authentication plugin{html} |
    | _[<jdbcPersistenceAdapter>|#jdbcPersistenceAdapter-element]_ | {html}A {@link PersistenceAdapter} implementation using JDBC for persistence
storage.

This persistence adapter will correctly remember prepared XA transactions,
but it will not keep track of local transaction commits so that operations
performed against the Message store are done as a single uow.{html} |
    | _[<jmsQueueConnector>|#jmsQueueConnector-element]_ | {html}A Bridge to other JMS Queue providers{html} |
    | _[<jmsTopicConnector>|#jmsTopicConnector-element]_ | {html}A Bridge to other JMS Topic providers{html} |
    | _[<journalPersistenceAdapter>|#journalPersistenceAdapter-element]_ | {html}An implementation of {@link PersistenceAdapter} designed for use with a
{@link Journal} and then check pointing asynchronously on a timeout with some
other long term persistent storage.{html} |
    | _[<journalPersistenceAdapterFactory>|#journalPersistenceAdapterFactory-element]_ | {html}Factory class that can create PersistenceAdapter objects.{html} |
    | _[<journaledJDBC>|#journaledJDBC-element]_ | {html}Creates a default persistence model using the Journal and JDBC{html} |
    | _[<kahaDB>|#kahaDB-element]_ | {html}An implementation of {@link PersistenceAdapter} designed for use with
KahaDB - Embedded Lightweight Non-Relational Database{html} |
    | _[<kahaPersistenceAdapter>|#kahaPersistenceAdapter-element]_ | {html}{html} |
    | _[<lDAPAuthorizationMap>|#lDAPAuthorizationMap-element]_ | {html}An {@link AuthorizationMap} which uses LDAP{html} |
    | _[<lastImageSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy>|#lastImageSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-element]_ | {html}This implementation of {@link SubscriptionRecoveryPolicy} will only keep the
last message.{html} |
    | _[<ldapNetworkConnector>|#ldapNetworkConnector-element]_ | {html}class to create dynamic network connectors listed in an directory
server using the LDAP v3 protocol as defined in RFC 2251, the
entries listed in the directory server must implement the ipHost
and ipService objectClasses as defined in RFC 2307.{html} |
    | _[<lease-database-locker>|#lease-database-locker-element]_ | {html}Represents an exclusive lease on a database to avoid multiple brokers running
against the same logical database.{html} |
    | _[<levelDB>|#levelDB-element]_ | {html}An implementation of {@link org.apache.activemq.store.PersistenceAdapter} designed for use with
LevelDB - Embedded Lightweight Non-Relational Database{html} |
    | _[<loggingBrokerPlugin>|#loggingBrokerPlugin-element]_ | {html}A simple Broker intercepter which allows you to enable/disable logging.{html} |
    | _[<mKahaDB>|#mKahaDB-element]_ | {html}An implementation of {@link org.apache.activemq.store.PersistenceAdapter}  that supports
distribution of destinations across multiple kahaDB persistence adapters{html} |
    | _[<managementContext>|#managementContext-element]_ | {html}An abstraction over JMX mbean registration{html} |
    | _[<masterConnector>|#masterConnector-element]_ | {html}Connects a Slave Broker to a Master when using <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/masterslave.html">Master Slave</a> for High
Availability of messages.{html} |
    | _[<maxdb-jdbc-adapter>|#maxdb-jdbc-adapter-element]_ | {html}JDBC Adapter for the MaxDB database.{html} |
    | _[<memoryPersistenceAdapter>|#memoryPersistenceAdapter-element]_ | {html}{html} |
    | _[<memoryUsage>|#memoryUsage-element]_ | {html}Used to keep track of how much of something is being used so that a
productive working set usage can be controlled. Main use case is manage
memory usage.{html} |
    | _[<messageGroupHashBucketFactory>|#messageGroupHashBucketFactory-element]_ | {html}A factory to create instances of {@link SimpleMessageGroupMap} when
implementing the <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/message-groups.html">Message
Groups</a> functionality.{html} |
    | _[<mirroredQueue>|#mirroredQueue-element]_ | {html}Creates <a href="http://activemq.org/site/mirrored-queues.html">Mirrored
Queue</a> using a prefix and postfix to define the topic name on which to mirror the queue to.{html} |
    | _[<multicastNetworkConnector>|#multicastNetworkConnector-element]_ | {html}A network connector which uses some kind of multicast-like transport that
communicates with potentially many remote brokers over a single logical
{@link Transport} instance such as when using multicast.

This implementation does not depend on multicast at all; any other group
based transport could be used.{html} |
    | _[<multicastTraceBrokerPlugin>|#multicastTraceBrokerPlugin-element]_ | {html}A Broker interceptor which allows you to trace all operations to a Multicast
socket.{html} |
    | _[<mysql-jdbc-adapter>|#mysql-jdbc-adapter-element]_ | {html}{html} |
    | _[<networkConnector>|#networkConnector-element]_ | {html}A network connector which uses a discovery agent to detect the remote brokers
available and setup a connection to each available remote broker{html} |
    | _[<noSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy>|#noSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-element]_ | {html}This SubscriptionRecoveryPolicy disable recovery of messages.{html} |
    | _[<oldestMessageEvictionStrategy>|#oldestMessageEvictionStrategy-element]_ | {html}An eviction strategy which evicts the oldest message first (which is the
default).{html} |
    | _[<oldestMessageWithLowestPriorityEvictionStrategy>|#oldestMessageWithLowestPriorityEvictionStrategy-element]_ | {html}An eviction strategy which evicts the oldest message with the lowest priority first.{html} |
    | _[<oracleBlobJDBCAdapter>|#oracleBlobJDBCAdapter-element]_ | {html}Implements all the default JDBC operations that are used
by the JDBCPersistenceAdapter.
<p/>
Subclassing is encouraged to override the default
implementation of methods to account for differences
in JDBC Driver implementations.
<p/>
The JDBCAdapter inserts and extracts BLOB data using the
getBytes()/setBytes() operations.
<p/>
The databases/JDBC drivers that use this adapter are:
<ul>
<li></li>
</ul>{html} |
    | _[<oracleJDBCAdapter>|#oracleJDBCAdapter-element]_ | {html}Implements all the default JDBC operations that are used
by the JDBCPersistenceAdapter.
<p/>
Subclassing is encouraged to override the default
implementation of methods to account for differences
in JDBC Driver implementations.
<p/>{html} |
    | _[<outboundQueueBridge>|#outboundQueueBridge-element]_ | {html}Create an Outbound Queue Bridge.  By default the bridge uses the same
name for both the inbound and outbound queues, however this can be altered
by using the public setter methods to configure both inbound and outbound
queue names.{html} |
    | _[<outboundTopicBridge>|#outboundTopicBridge-element]_ | {html}Create an Outbound Topic Bridge.  By default the bridge uses the same
name for both the inbound and outbound topics, however this can be altered
by using the public setter methods to configure both inbound and outbound
topic names.{html} |
    | _[<pListStore>|#pListStore-element]_ | {html}{html} |
    | _[<policyEntry>|#policyEntry-element]_ | {html}Represents an entry in a {@link PolicyMap} for assigning policies to a
specific destination or a hierarchical wildcard area of destinations.{html} |
    | _[<policyMap>|#policyMap-element]_ | {html}Represents a destination based configuration of policies so that individual
destinations or wildcard hierarchies of destinations can be configured using
different policies.{html} |
    | _[<postgresql-jdbc-adapter>|#postgresql-jdbc-adapter-element]_ | {html}Implements all the default JDBC operations that are used
by the JDBCPersistenceAdapter.
<p/>
Subclassing is encouraged to override the default
implementation of methods to account for differences
in JDBC Driver implementations.
<p/>
The JDBCAdapter inserts and extracts BLOB data using the
getBytes()/setBytes() operations.
<p/>
The databases/JDBC drivers that use this adapter are:
<ul>
<li></li>
</ul>{html} |
    | _[<prefetchPolicy>|#prefetchPolicy-element]_ | {html}Defines the prefetch message policies for different types of consumers{html} |
    | _[<prefetchRatePendingMessageLimitStrategy>|#prefetchRatePendingMessageLimitStrategy-element]_ | {html}This PendingMessageLimitStrategy sets the maximum pending message limit value to be
a multiplier of the prefetch limit of the subscription.{html} |
    | _[<priorityNetworkDispatchPolicy>|#priorityNetworkDispatchPolicy-element]_ | {html}dispatch policy that ignores lower priority duplicate network consumers,
used in conjunction with network bridge suppresDuplicateTopicSubscriptions{html} |
    | _[<proxyConnector>|#proxyConnector-element]_ | {html}{html} |
    | _[<queryBasedSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy>|#queryBasedSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-element]_ | {html}This implementation of {@link SubscriptionRecoveryPolicy} will perform a user
specific query mechanism to load any messages they may have missed.{html} |
    | _[<queue>|#queue-element]_ | {html}An ActiveMQ Queue{html} |
    | _[<queueDispatchSelector>|#queueDispatchSelector-element]_ | {html}Queue dispatch policy that determines if a message can be sent to a subscription{html} |
    | _[<reconnectionPolicy>|#reconnectionPolicy-element]_ | {html}A policy object that defines how a {@link JmsConnector} deals with
reconnection of the local and foreign connections.{html} |
    | _[<redeliveryPlugin>|#redeliveryPlugin-element]_ | {html}Replace regular DLQ handling with redelivery via a resend to the original destination
after a delay
A destination matching RedeliveryPolicy controls the quantity and delay for re-sends
If there is no matching policy or an existing policy limit is exceeded by default
regular DLQ processing resumes. This is controlled via sendToDlqIfMaxRetriesExceeded
and fallbackToDeadLetter{html} |
    | _[<redeliveryPolicy>|#redeliveryPolicy-element]_ | {html}Configuration options for a messageConsumer used to control how messages are re-delivered when they
are rolled back.
May be used server side on a per destination basis via the Broker RedeliveryPlugin{html} |
    | _[<redeliveryPolicyMap>|#redeliveryPolicyMap-element]_ | {html}Represents a destination based configuration of policies so that individual
destinations or wildcard hierarchies of destinations can be configured using
different policies.{html} |
    | _[<roundRobinDispatchPolicy>|#roundRobinDispatchPolicy-element]_ | {html}Simple dispatch policy that sends a message to every subscription that
matches the message.{html} |
    | _[<shared-file-locker>|#shared-file-locker-element]_ | {html}Represents an exclusive lock on a database to avoid multiple brokers running
against the same logical database.{html} |
    | _[<sharedDeadLetterStrategy>|#sharedDeadLetterStrategy-element]_ | {html}A default implementation of {@link DeadLetterStrategy} which uses
a constant destination.{html} |
    | _[<simpleAuthenticationPlugin>|#simpleAuthenticationPlugin-element]_ | {html}Provides a simple authentication plugin{html} |
    | _[<simpleAuthorizationMap>|#simpleAuthorizationMap-element]_ | {html}An AuthorizationMap which is configured with individual DestinationMaps for
each operation.{html} |
    | _[<simpleDispatchPolicy>|#simpleDispatchPolicy-element]_ | {html}Simple dispatch policy that sends a message to every subscription that
matches the message.{html} |
    | _[<simpleDispatchSelector>|#simpleDispatchSelector-element]_ | {html}Simple dispatch policy that determines if a message can be sent to a subscription{html} |
    | _[<simpleJmsMessageConvertor>|#simpleJmsMessageConvertor-element]_ | {html}Converts Message from one JMS to another{html} |
    | _[<simpleMessageGroupMapFactory>|#simpleMessageGroupMapFactory-element]_ | {html}A factory to create instances of {@link SimpleMessageGroupMap} when implementing the 
<a href="http://activemq.apache.org/message-groups.html">Message Groups</a> functionality.{html} |
    | _[<sslContext>|#sslContext-element]_ | {html}Extends the SslContext so that it's easier to configure from spring.{html} |
    | _[<statements>|#statements-element]_ | {html}{html} |
    | _[<statisticsBrokerPlugin>|#statisticsBrokerPlugin-element]_ | {html}A StatisticsBrokerPlugin
You can retrieve a Map Message for a Destination - or
Broker containing statistics as key-value pairs The message must contain a
replyTo Destination - else its ignored
To retrieve stats on the broker send a empty message to ActiveMQ.Statistics.Broker (Queue or Topic)
With a replyTo set to the destination you want the stats returned to.
To retrieve stats for a destination - e.g. foo - send an empty message to ActiveMQ.Statistics.Destination.foo
- this works with wildcards to - you get a message for each wildcard match on the replyTo destination.
The stats message is a MapMessage populated with statistics for the target{html} |
    | _[<storeCursor>|#storeCursor-element]_ | {html}Pending messages{html} |
    | _[<storeDurableSubscriberCursor>|#storeDurableSubscriberCursor-element]_ | {html}Pending messages for a durable{html} |
    | _[<storeUsage>|#storeUsage-element]_ | {html}Used to keep track of how much of something is being used so that a
productive working set usage can be controlled. Main use case is manage
memory usage.{html} |
    | _[<streamJDBCAdapter>|#streamJDBCAdapter-element]_ | {html}This JDBCAdapter inserts and extracts BLOB data using the
setBinaryStream()/getBinaryStream() operations.

The databases/JDBC drivers that use this adapter are:
<ul>
<li>Axion</li>
</ul>{html} |
    | _[<strictOrderDispatchPolicy>|#strictOrderDispatchPolicy-element]_ | {html}Dispatch policy that causes every subscription to see messages in the same
order.{html} |
    | _[<sybase-jdbc-adapter>|#sybase-jdbc-adapter-element]_ | {html}A JDBC Adapter for Sybase databases{html} |
    | _[<systemUsage>|#systemUsage-element]_ | {html}Holder for Usage instances for memory, store and temp files Main use case is
manage memory usage.{html} |
    | _[<taskRunnerFactory>|#taskRunnerFactory-element]_ | {html}Manages the thread pool for long running tasks. Long running tasks are not
always active but when they are active, they may need a few iterations of
processing for them to become idle. The manager ensures that each task is
processes but that no one task overtakes the system. This is kinda like
cooperative multitasking.{html} |
    | _[<tempDestinationAuthorizationEntry>|#tempDestinationAuthorizationEntry-element]_ | {html}Represents an entry in a {@link DefaultAuthorizationMap} for assigning
different operations (read, write, admin) of user roles to a temporary
destination{html} |
    | _[<tempQueue>|#tempQueue-element]_ | {html}An ActiveMQ Temporary Queue Destination{html} |
    | _[<tempTopic>|#tempTopic-element]_ | {html}An ActiveMQ Temporary Topic Destination{html} |
    | _[<tempUsage>|#tempUsage-element]_ | {html}Used to keep track of how much of something is being used so that a
productive working set usage can be controlled. Main use case is manage
memory usage.{html} |
    | _[<timeStampingBrokerPlugin>|#timeStampingBrokerPlugin-element]_ | {html}A Broker interceptor which updates a JMS Client's timestamp on the message
with a broker timestamp. Useful when the clocks on client machines are known
to not be correct and you can only trust the time set on the broker machines.

Enabling this plugin will break JMS compliance since the timestamp that the
producer sees on the messages after as send() will be different from the
timestamp the consumer will observe when he receives the message. This plugin
is not enabled in the default ActiveMQ configuration.

2 new attributes have been added which will allow the administrator some override control
over the expiration time for incoming messages:

Attribute 'zeroExpirationOverride' can be used to apply an expiration
time to incoming messages with no expiration defined (messages that would never expire)

Attribute 'ttlCeiling' can be used to apply a limit to the expiration time{html} |
    | _[<timedSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy>|#timedSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-element]_ | {html}This implementation of {@link SubscriptionRecoveryPolicy} will keep a timed
buffer of messages around in memory and use that to recover new
subscriptions.{html} |
    | _[<topic>|#topic-element]_ | {html}An ActiveMQ Topic{html} |
    | _[<traceBrokerPathPlugin>|#traceBrokerPathPlugin-element]_ | {html}The TraceBrokerPathPlugin can be used in a network of Brokers. Each Broker
that has the plugin configured, will add it's brokerName to the content
of a JMS Property. If all Brokers have this property enabled, the path the
message actually took through the network can be seen in the defined property.{html} |
    | _[<transact-database-locker>|#transact-database-locker-element]_ | {html}Represents an exclusive lock on a database to avoid multiple brokers running
against the same logical database.{html} |
    | _[<transact-jdbc-adapter>|#transact-jdbc-adapter-element]_ | {html}A JDBC Adapter for Transact-SQL based databases such as SQL Server or Sybase{html} |
    | _[<transportConnector>|#transportConnector-element]_ | {html}{html} |
    | _[<udpTraceBrokerPlugin>|#udpTraceBrokerPlugin-element]_ | {html}A Broker interceptor which allows you to trace all operations to a UDP
socket.{html} |
    | _[<uniquePropertyMessageEvictionStrategy>|#uniquePropertyMessageEvictionStrategy-element]_ | {html}An eviction strategy which evicts the oldest message within messages with the same property value{html} |
    | _[<usageCapacity>|#usageCapacity-element]_ | {html}Identify if a limit has been reached{html} |
    | _[<virtualDestinationInterceptor>|#virtualDestinationInterceptor-element]_ | {html}Implements <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/virtual-destinations.html">Virtual Topics</a>.{html} |
    | _[<virtualSelectorCacheBrokerPlugin>|#virtualSelectorCacheBrokerPlugin-element]_ | {html}A plugin which allows the caching of the selector from a subscription queue.
<p/>
This stops the build-up of unwanted messages, especially when consumers may
disconnect from time to time when using virtual destinations.
<p/>
This is influenced by code snippets developed by Maciej Rakowicz{html} |
    | _[<virtualTopic>|#virtualTopic-element]_ | {html}Creates <a href="http://activemq.org/site/virtual-destinations.html">Virtual
Topics</a> using a prefix and postfix. The virtual destination creates a
wildcard that is then used to look up all active queue subscriptions which
match.{html} |
    | _[<vmCursor>|#vmCursor-element]_ | {html}Pending messages held{html} |
    | _[<vmDurableCursor>|#vmDurableCursor-element]_ | {html}Pending{html} |
    | _[<vmQueueCursor>|#vmQueueCursor-element]_ | {html}Pending messages{html} |
    | _[<xaConnectionFactory>|#xaConnectionFactory-element]_ | {html}A <a href="http://www.springframework.org/">Spring</a> enhanced XA connection
factory which will automatically use the Spring bean name as the clientIDPrefix property
so that connections created have client IDs related to your Spring.xml file for
easier comprehension from <a href="http://activemq.apache.org/jmx.html">JMX</a>.{html} |

