h3. Elements By Type
{anchor:org.apache.activemq.broker.TransportConnector-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.broker.TransportConnector|#org.apache.activemq.broker.TransportConnector-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<transportConnector>|#transportConnector-element]_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.network.jms.InboundQueueBridge-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.network.jms.InboundQueueBridge|#org.apache.activemq.network.jms.InboundQueueBridge-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<inboundQueueBridge>|#inboundQueueBridge-element]_ | {html}Create an Inbound Queue Bridge{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.network.NetworkConnector-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.network.NetworkConnector|#org.apache.activemq.network.NetworkConnector-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<ldapNetworkConnector>|#ldapNetworkConnector-element]_ | {html}class to create dynamic network connectors listed in an directory
server using the LDAP v3 protocol as defined in RFC 2251, the
entries listed in the directory server must implement the ipHost
and ipService objectClasses as defined in RFC 2307.{html} |
    | _[<multicastNetworkConnector>|#multicastNetworkConnector-element]_ | {html}A network connector which uses some kind of multicast-like transport that
communicates with potentially many remote brokers over a single logical
{@link Transport} instance such as when using multicast.

This implementation does not depend on multicast at all; any other group
based transport could be used.{html} |
    | _[<networkConnector>|#networkConnector-element]_ | {html}A network connector which uses a discovery agent to detect the remote brokers
available and setup a connection to each available remote broker{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService|#org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<broker>|#broker-element]_ | {html}An ActiveMQ Message Broker. It consists of a number of transport
connectors, network connectors and a bunch of properties which can be used to
configure the broker as its lazily created.{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.usage.TempUsage-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.usage.TempUsage|#org.apache.activemq.usage.TempUsage-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<tempUsage>|#tempUsage-element]_ | {html}Used to keep track of how much of something is being used so that a
productive working set usage can be controlled. Main use case is manage
memory usage.{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PendingSubscriberMessageStoragePolicy-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PendingSubscriberMessageStoragePolicy|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PendingSubscriberMessageStoragePolicy-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<fileCursor>|#fileCursor-element]_ | {html}Pending messages{html} |
    | _[<vmCursor>|#vmCursor-element]_ | {html}Pending messages held{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.usage.MemoryUsage-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.usage.MemoryUsage|#org.apache.activemq.usage.MemoryUsage-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<memoryUsage>|#memoryUsage-element]_ | {html}Used to keep track of how much of something is being used so that a
productive working set usage can be controlled. Main use case is manage
memory usage.{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerPlugin-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerPlugin|#org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerPlugin-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<authorizationPlugin>|#authorizationPlugin-element]_ | {html}An authorization plugin where each operation on a destination is checked
against an authorizationMap{html} |
    | _[<connectionDotFilePlugin>|#connectionDotFilePlugin-element]_ | {html}A <a href="http://www.graphviz.org/">DOT</a> file creator plugin which
creates a DOT file showing the current connections{html} |
    | _[<destinationDotFilePlugin>|#destinationDotFilePlugin-element]_ | {html}A <a href="http://www.graphviz.org/">DOT</a>
file creator plugin which creates a DOT file showing the current topic & queue hierarchies.{html} |
    | _[<jaasAuthenticationPlugin>|#jaasAuthenticationPlugin-element]_ | {html}Provides a JAAS based authentication plugin{html} |
    | _[<jaasCertificateAuthenticationPlugin>|#jaasCertificateAuthenticationPlugin-element]_ | {html}Provides a JAAS based SSL certificate authentication plugin{html} |
    | _[<loggingBrokerPlugin>|#loggingBrokerPlugin-element]_ | {html}A simple Broker interceptor which allows you to enable/disable logging.{html} |
    | _[<multicastTraceBrokerPlugin>|#multicastTraceBrokerPlugin-element]_ | {html}A Broker interceptor which allows you to trace all operations to a Multicast
socket.{html} |
    | _[<simpleAuthenticationPlugin>|#simpleAuthenticationPlugin-element]_ | {html}Provides a simple authentication plugin{html} |
    | _[<timeStampingBrokerPlugin>|#timeStampingBrokerPlugin-element]_ | {html}A Broker interceptor which updates a JMS Client's timestamp on the message
with a broker timestamp. Useful when the clocks on client machines are known
to not be correct and you can only trust the time set on the broker machines.

Enabling this plugin will break JMS compliance since the timestamp that the
producer sees on the messages after as send() will be different from the
timestamp the consumer will observe when he receives the message. This plugin
is not enabled in the default ActiveMQ configuration.{html} |
    | _[<udpTraceBrokerPlugin>|#udpTraceBrokerPlugin-element]_ | {html}A Broker interceptor which allows you to trace all operations to a UDP
socket.{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.JDBCAdapter-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.JDBCAdapter|#org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.JDBCAdapter-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<axionJDBCAdapter>|#axionJDBCAdapter-element]_ | {html}Axion specific Adapter.

Axion does not seem to support ALTER statements or sub-selects. This means:
- We cannot auto upgrade the schema was we roll out new versions of ActiveMQ
- We cannot delete durable sub messages that have be acknowledged by all consumers.{html} |
    | _[<blobJDBCAdapter>|#blobJDBCAdapter-element]_ | {html}This JDBCAdapter inserts and extracts BLOB data using the getBlob()/setBlob()
operations. This is a little more involved since to insert a blob you have
to:

1: insert empty blob. 2: select the blob 3: finally update the blob with data
value.

The databases/JDBC drivers that use this adapter are:
<ul>
<li></li>
</ul>{html} |
    | _[<bytesJDBCAdapter>|#bytesJDBCAdapter-element]_ | {html}This JDBCAdapter inserts and extracts BLOB data using the
setBytes()/getBytes() operations. The databases/JDBC drivers that use this
adapter are:{html} |
    | _[<db2JDBCAdapter>|#db2JDBCAdapter-element]_ | {html}{html} |
    | _[<defaultJDBCAdapter>|#defaultJDBCAdapter-element]_ | {html}Implements all the default JDBC operations that are used by the
JDBCPersistenceAdapter. <p/> sub-classing is encouraged to override the
default implementation of methods to account for differences in JDBC Driver
implementations. <p/> The JDBCAdapter inserts and extracts BLOB data using
the getBytes()/setBytes() operations. <p/> The databases/JDBC drivers that
use this adapter are:
<ul>
<li></li>
</ul>{html} |
    | _[<imageBasedJDBCAdaptor>|#imageBasedJDBCAdaptor-element]_ | {html}Provides JDBCAdapter since that uses
IMAGE datatype to hold binary data.

The databases/JDBC drivers that use this adapter are:
<ul>
<li>Sybase</li>
<li>MS SQL</li>
</ul>{html} |
    | _[<informixJDBCAdapter>|#informixJDBCAdapter-element]_ | {html}JDBC Adapter for Informix database.
Because Informix database restricts length of composite primary keys, length of
<i>container name</i> field and <i>subscription id</i> field must be reduced to 150 characters.
Therefore be sure not to use longer names for container name and subscription id than 150 characters.{html} |
    | _[<oracleJDBCAdapter>|#oracleJDBCAdapter-element]_ | {html}Implements all the default JDBC operations that are used
by the JDBCPersistenceAdapter.
<p/>
Subclassing is encouraged to override the default
implementation of methods to account for differences
in JDBC Driver implementations.
<p/>
The JDBCAdapter inserts and extracts BLOB data using the
getBytes()/setBytes() operations.
<p/>
The databases/JDBC drivers that use this adapter are:
<ul>
<li></li>
</ul>{html} |
    | _[<streamJDBCAdapter>|#streamJDBCAdapter-element]_ | {html}This JDBCAdapter inserts and extracts BLOB data using the
setBinaryStream()/getBinaryStream() operations.

The databases/JDBC drivers that use this adapter are:
<ul>
<li>Axion</li>
</ul>{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PendingQueueMessageStoragePolicy-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PendingQueueMessageStoragePolicy|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PendingQueueMessageStoragePolicy-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<fileQueueCursor>|#fileQueueCursor-element]_ | {html}Pending{html} |
    | _[<storeCursor>|#storeCursor-element]_ | {html}Pending messages{html} |
    | _[<vmQueueCursor>|#vmQueueCursor-element]_ | {html}Pending messages{html} |

{anchor:javax.jms.TopicConnectionFactory-types}
h4. The _[javax.jms.TopicConnectionFactory|#javax.jms.TopicConnectionFactory-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<connectionFactory>|#connectionFactory-element]_ | {html}A <a href="http://www.springframework.org/">Spring</a> enhanced connection
factory which will automatically use the Spring bean name as the clientIDPrefix property
so that connections created have client IDs related to your Spring.xml file for
easier comprehension from <a href="http://activemq.apache.org/jmx.html">JMX</a>.{html} |
    | _[<xaConnectionFactory>|#xaConnectionFactory-element]_ | {html}A <a href="http://www.springframework.org/">Spring</a> enhanced XA connection
factory which will automatically use the Spring bean name as the clientIDPrefix property
so that connections created have client IDs related to your Spring.xml file for
easier comprehension from <a href="http://activemq.apache.org/jmx.html">JMX</a>.{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.broker.region.virtual.VirtualDestination-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.virtual.VirtualDestination|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.virtual.VirtualDestination-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<compositeQueue>|#compositeQueue-element]_ | {html}Represents a virtual queue which forwards to a number of other destinations.{html} |
    | _[<compositeTopic>|#compositeTopic-element]_ | {html}Represents a virtual topic which forwards to a number of other destinations.{html} |
    | _[<virtualTopic>|#virtualTopic-element]_ | {html}Creates <a href="http://activemq.org/site/virtual-destinations.html">Virtual
Topics</a> using a prefix and postfix. The virtual destination creates a
wildcard that is then used to look up all active queue subscriptions which
match.{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PolicyMap-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PolicyMap|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PolicyMap-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<policyMap>|#policyMap-element]_ | {html}Represents a destination based configuration of policies so that individual
destinations or wildcard hierarchies of destinations can be configured using
different policies.{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.usage.UsageCapacity-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.usage.UsageCapacity|#org.apache.activemq.usage.UsageCapacity-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<defaultUsageCapacity>|#defaultUsageCapacity-element]_ | {html}Identify if a limit has been reached{html} |
    | _[<usageCapacity>|#usageCapacity-element]_ | {html}Identify if a limit has been reached{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PendingMessageLimitStrategy-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PendingMessageLimitStrategy|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PendingMessageLimitStrategy-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<constantPendingMessageLimitStrategy>|#constantPendingMessageLimitStrategy-element]_ | {html}This PendingMessageLimitStrategy is configured to a constant value for all subscriptions.{html} |
    | _[<prefetchRatePendingMessageLimitStrategy>|#prefetchRatePendingMessageLimitStrategy-element]_ | {html}This PendingMessageLimitStrategy sets the maximum pending message limit value to be
a multiplier of the prefetch limit of the subscription.{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage|#org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<systemUsage>|#systemUsage-element]_ | {html}Holder for Usage instances for memory, store and temp files Main use case is
manage memory usage.{html} |

{anchor:javax.jms.Destination-types}
h4. The _[javax.jms.Destination|#javax.jms.Destination-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<queue>|#queue-element]_ | {html}An ActiveMQ Queue{html} |
    | _[<topic>|#topic-element]_ | {html}An ActiveMQ Topic{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.SubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.SubscriptionRecoveryPolicy|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.SubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<fixedCountSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy>|#fixedCountSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-element]_ | {html}This implementation of {@link SubscriptionRecoveryPolicy} will keep a fixed
count of last messages.{html} |
    | _[<fixedSizedSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy>|#fixedSizedSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-element]_ | {html}This implementation of {@link SubscriptionRecoveryPolicy} will keep a fixed
amount of memory available in RAM for message history which is evicted in
time order.{html} |
    | _[<lastImageSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy>|#lastImageSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-element]_ | {html}This implementation of {@link SubscriptionRecoveryPolicy} will only keep the
last message.{html} |
    | _[<noSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy>|#noSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-element]_ | {html}This SubscriptionRecoveryPolicy disable recovery of messages.{html} |
    | _[<queryBasedSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy>|#queryBasedSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-element]_ | {html}This implementation of {@link SubscriptionRecoveryPolicy} will perform a user
specific query mechanism to load any messages they may have missed.{html} |
    | _[<timedSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy>|#timedSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-element]_ | {html}This implementation of {@link SubscriptionRecoveryPolicy} will keep a timed
buffer of messages around in memory and use that to recover new
subscriptions.{html} |

{anchor:javax.jms.QueueConnectionFactory-types}
h4. The _[javax.jms.QueueConnectionFactory|#javax.jms.QueueConnectionFactory-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<connectionFactory>|#connectionFactory-element]_ | {html}A <a href="http://www.springframework.org/">Spring</a> enhanced connection
factory which will automatically use the Spring bean name as the clientIDPrefix property
so that connections created have client IDs related to your Spring.xml file for
easier comprehension from <a href="http://activemq.apache.org/jmx.html">JMX</a>.{html} |
    | _[<xaConnectionFactory>|#xaConnectionFactory-element]_ | {html}A <a href="http://www.springframework.org/">Spring</a> enhanced XA connection
factory which will automatically use the Spring bean name as the clientIDPrefix property
so that connections created have client IDs related to your Spring.xml file for
easier comprehension from <a href="http://activemq.apache.org/jmx.html">JMX</a>.{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.broker.jmx.ManagementContext-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.broker.jmx.ManagementContext|#org.apache.activemq.broker.jmx.ManagementContext-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<managementContext>|#managementContext-element]_ | {html}A Flow provides different dispatch policies within the NMR{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements|#org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<statements>|#statements-element]_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.store.PersistenceAdapterFactory-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.store.PersistenceAdapterFactory|#org.apache.activemq.store.PersistenceAdapterFactory-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<amqPersistenceAdapterFactory>|#amqPersistenceAdapterFactory-element]_ | {html}An implementation of {@link PersistenceAdapterFactory}{html} |
    | _[<journaledJDBC>|#journaledJDBC-element]_ | {html}Creates a default persistence model using the Journal and JDBC{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.security.AuthorizationEntry-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.security.AuthorizationEntry|#org.apache.activemq.security.AuthorizationEntry-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<authorizationEntry>|#authorizationEntry-element]_ | {html}Represents an entry in a {@link DefaultAuthorizationMap} for assigning
different operations (read, write, admin) of user roles to a specific
destination or a hierarchical wildcard area of destinations.{html} |
    | _[<tempDestinationAuthorizationEntry>|#tempDestinationAuthorizationEntry-element]_ | {html}Represents an entry in a {@link DefaultAuthorizationMap} for assigning
different operations (read, write, admin) of user roles to a temporary
destination{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PendingDurableSubscriberMessageStoragePolicy-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PendingDurableSubscriberMessageStoragePolicy|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PendingDurableSubscriberMessageStoragePolicy-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<fileDurableSubscriberCursor>|#fileDurableSubscriberCursor-element]_ | {html}Pending messages for durable subscribers{html} |
    | _[<storeDurableSubscriberCursor>|#storeDurableSubscriberCursor-element]_ | {html}Pending messages for a durable{html} |
    | _[<vmDurableCursor>|#vmDurableCursor-element]_ | {html}Pending{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.broker.region.group.MessageGroupMapFactory-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.group.MessageGroupMapFactory|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.group.MessageGroupMapFactory-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<messageGroupHashBucketFactory>|#messageGroupHashBucketFactory-element]_ | {html}A factory to create instances of {@link SimpleMessageGroupMap} when
implementing the <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/message-groups.html">Message
Groups</a> functionality.{html} |
    | _[<simpleMessageGroupMapFactory>|#simpleMessageGroupMapFactory-element]_ | {html}A factory to create instances of {@link SimpleMessageGroupMap} when implementing the
<a href="http://activemq.apache.org/message-groups.html">Message Groups</a> functionality.{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.usage.StoreUsage-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.usage.StoreUsage|#org.apache.activemq.usage.StoreUsage-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<storeUsage>|#storeUsage-element]_ | {html}Used to keep track of how much of something is being used so that a
productive working set usage can be controlled. Main use case is manage
memory usage.{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.DeadLetterStrategy-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.DeadLetterStrategy|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.DeadLetterStrategy-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<individualDeadLetterStrategy>|#individualDeadLetterStrategy-element]_ | {html}A {@link DeadLetterStrategy} where each destination has its own individual
DLQ using the subject naming hierarchy.{html} |
    | _[<sharedDeadLetterStrategy>|#sharedDeadLetterStrategy-element]_ | {html}A default implementation of {@link DeadLetterStrategy} which uses
a constant destination.{html} |

{anchor:javax.jms.Topic-types}
h4. The _[javax.jms.Topic|#javax.jms.Topic-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<topic>|#topic-element]_ | {html}An ActiveMQ Topic{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.ActiveMQPrefetchPolicy-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.ActiveMQPrefetchPolicy|#org.apache.activemq.ActiveMQPrefetchPolicy-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<prefetchPolicy>|#prefetchPolicy-element]_ | {html}Defines the prefetch message policies for different types of consumers{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.broker.Broker-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.broker.Broker|#org.apache.activemq.broker.Broker-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<loggingBrokerPlugin>|#loggingBrokerPlugin-element]_ | {html}A simple Broker interceptor which allows you to enable/disable logging.{html} |
    | _[<multicastTraceBrokerPlugin>|#multicastTraceBrokerPlugin-element]_ | {html}A Broker interceptor which allows you to trace all operations to a Multicast
socket.{html} |
    | _[<timeStampingBrokerPlugin>|#timeStampingBrokerPlugin-element]_ | {html}A Broker interceptor which updates a JMS Client's timestamp on the message
with a broker timestamp. Useful when the clocks on client machines are known
to not be correct and you can only trust the time set on the broker machines.

Enabling this plugin will break JMS compliance since the timestamp that the
producer sees on the messages after as send() will be different from the
timestamp the consumer will observe when he receives the message. This plugin
is not enabled in the default ActiveMQ configuration.{html} |
    | _[<udpTraceBrokerPlugin>|#udpTraceBrokerPlugin-element]_ | {html}A Broker interceptor which allows you to trace all operations to a UDP
socket.{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.store.PersistenceAdapter-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.store.PersistenceAdapter|#org.apache.activemq.store.PersistenceAdapter-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<amqPersistenceAdapter>|#amqPersistenceAdapter-element]_ | {html}An implementation of {@link PersistenceAdapter} designed for use with a
{@link Journal} and then check pointing asynchronously on a timeout with some
other long term persistent storage.{html} |
    | _[<jdbcPersistenceAdapter>|#jdbcPersistenceAdapter-element]_ | {html}A {@link PersistenceAdapter} implementation using JDBC for persistence
storage.

This persistence adapter will correctly remember prepared XA transactions,
but it will not keep track of local transaction commits so that operations
performed against the Message store are done as a single uow.{html} |
    | _[<journalPersistenceAdapter>|#journalPersistenceAdapter-element]_ | {html}An implementation of {@link PersistenceAdapter} designed for use with a
{@link Journal} and then check pointing asynchronously on a timeout with some
other long term persistent storage.{html} |
    | _[<kahaPersistenceAdapter>|#kahaPersistenceAdapter-element]_ | {html}{html} |
    | _[<memoryPersistenceAdapter>|#memoryPersistenceAdapter-element]_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PolicyEntry-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PolicyEntry|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PolicyEntry-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<policyEntry>|#policyEntry-element]_ | {html}Represents an entry in a {@link PolicyMap} for assigning policies to a
specific destination or a hierarchical wildcard area of destinations.{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.network.DemandForwardingBridgeSupport-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.network.DemandForwardingBridgeSupport|#org.apache.activemq.network.DemandForwardingBridgeSupport-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<compositeDemandForwardingBridge>|#compositeDemandForwardingBridge-element]_ | {html}A demand forwarding bridge which works with multicast style transports where
a single Transport could be communicating with multiple remote brokers{html} |
    | _[<demandForwardingBridge>|#demandForwardingBridge-element]_ | {html}Forwards messages from the local broker to the remote broker based on demand.{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.network.jms.OutboundQueueBridge-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.network.jms.OutboundQueueBridge|#org.apache.activemq.network.jms.OutboundQueueBridge-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<outboundQueueBridge>|#outboundQueueBridge-element]_ | {html}Create an Outbound Queue Bridge{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.JDBCPersistenceAdapter-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.JDBCPersistenceAdapter|#org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.JDBCPersistenceAdapter-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<jdbcPersistenceAdapter>|#jdbcPersistenceAdapter-element]_ | {html}A {@link PersistenceAdapter} implementation using JDBC for persistence
storage.

This persistence adapter will correctly remember prepared XA transactions,
but it will not keep track of local transaction commits so that operations
performed against the Message store are done as a single uow.{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination|#org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<queue>|#queue-element]_ | {html}An ActiveMQ Queue{html} |
    | _[<topic>|#topic-element]_ | {html}An ActiveMQ Topic{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.network.jms.InboundTopicBridge-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.network.jms.InboundTopicBridge|#org.apache.activemq.network.jms.InboundTopicBridge-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<inboundTopicBridge>|#inboundTopicBridge-element]_ | {html}Create an Inbound Topic Bridge{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsConnector-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsConnector|#org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsConnector-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<jmsQueueConnector>|#jmsQueueConnector-element]_ | {html}A Bridge to other JMS Queue providers{html} |
    | _[<jmsTopicConnector>|#jmsTopicConnector-element]_ | {html}A Bridge to other JMS Topic providers{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.RedeliveryPolicy-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.RedeliveryPolicy|#org.apache.activemq.RedeliveryPolicy-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<redeliveryPolicy>|#redeliveryPolicy-element]_ | {html}Configuration options used to control how messages are re-delivered when they
are rolled back.{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.security.AuthorizationMap-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.security.AuthorizationMap|#org.apache.activemq.security.AuthorizationMap-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<authorizationMap>|#authorizationMap-element]_ | {html}Represents a destination based configuration of policies so that individual
destinations or wildcard hierarchies of destinations can be configured using
different policies. Each entry in the map represents the authorization ACLs
for each operation.{html} |
    | _[<lDAPAuthorizationMap>|#lDAPAuthorizationMap-element]_ | {html}An {@link AuthorizationMap} which uses LDAP{html} |
    | _[<simpleAuthorizationMap>|#simpleAuthorizationMap-element]_ | {html}An AuthorizationMap which is configured with individual DestinationMaps for
each operation.{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.security.TempDestinationAuthorizationEntry-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.security.TempDestinationAuthorizationEntry|#org.apache.activemq.security.TempDestinationAuthorizationEntry-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<tempDestinationAuthorizationEntry>|#tempDestinationAuthorizationEntry-element]_ | {html}Represents an entry in a {@link DefaultAuthorizationMap} for assigning
different operations (read, write, admin) of user roles to a temporary
destination{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.DispatchPolicy-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.DispatchPolicy|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.DispatchPolicy-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<roundRobinDispatchPolicy>|#roundRobinDispatchPolicy-element]_ | {html}Simple dispatch policy that sends a message to every subscription that
matches the message.{html} |
    | _[<simpleDispatchPolicy>|#simpleDispatchPolicy-element]_ | {html}Simple dispatch policy that sends a message to every subscription that
matches the message.{html} |
    | _[<strictOrderDispatchPolicy>|#strictOrderDispatchPolicy-element]_ | {html}Dispatch policy that causes every subscription to see messages in the same
order.{html} |

{anchor:javax.jms.ConnectionFactory-types}
h4. The _[javax.jms.ConnectionFactory|#javax.jms.ConnectionFactory-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<connectionFactory>|#connectionFactory-element]_ | {html}A <a href="http://www.springframework.org/">Spring</a> enhanced connection
factory which will automatically use the Spring bean name as the clientIDPrefix property
so that connections created have client IDs related to your Spring.xml file for
easier comprehension from <a href="http://activemq.apache.org/jmx.html">JMX</a>.{html} |
    | _[<xaConnectionFactory>|#xaConnectionFactory-element]_ | {html}A <a href="http://www.springframework.org/">Spring</a> enhanced XA connection
factory which will automatically use the Spring bean name as the clientIDPrefix property
so that connections created have client IDs related to your Spring.xml file for
easier comprehension from <a href="http://activemq.apache.org/jmx.html">JMX</a>.{html} |

{anchor:javax.jms.Queue-types}
h4. The _[javax.jms.Queue|#javax.jms.Queue-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<queue>|#queue-element]_ | {html}An ActiveMQ Queue{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.MessageEvictionStrategy-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.MessageEvictionStrategy|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.MessageEvictionStrategy-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<oldestMessageEvictionStrategy>|#oldestMessageEvictionStrategy-element]_ | {html}An eviction strategy which evicts the oldest message first (which is the
default).{html} |
    | _[<oldestMessageWithLowestPriorityEvictionStrategy>|#oldestMessageWithLowestPriorityEvictionStrategy-element]_ | {html}An eviction strategy which evicts the oldest message with the lowest priority first.{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.Service-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.Service|#org.apache.activemq.Service-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<broker>|#broker-element]_ | {html}An ActiveMQ Message Broker. It consists of a number of transport
connectors, network connectors and a bunch of properties which can be used to
configure the broker as its lazily created.{html} |
    | _[<commandAgent>|#commandAgent-element]_ | {html}An agent which listens to commands on a JMS destination{html} |
    | _[<forwardingBridge>|#forwardingBridge-element]_ | {html}Forwards all messages from the local broker to the remote broker.{html} |
    | _[<inboundQueueBridge>|#inboundQueueBridge-element]_ | {html}Create an Inbound Queue Bridge{html} |
    | _[<inboundTopicBridge>|#inboundTopicBridge-element]_ | {html}Create an Inbound Topic Bridge{html} |
    | _[<jmsQueueConnector>|#jmsQueueConnector-element]_ | {html}A Bridge to other JMS Queue providers{html} |
    | _[<jmsTopicConnector>|#jmsTopicConnector-element]_ | {html}A Bridge to other JMS Topic providers{html} |
    | _[<ldapNetworkConnector>|#ldapNetworkConnector-element]_ | {html}class to create dynamic network connectors listed in an directory
server using the LDAP v3 protocol as defined in RFC 2251, the
entries listed in the directory server must implement the ipHost
and ipService objectClasses as defined in RFC 2307.{html} |
    | _[<managementContext>|#managementContext-element]_ | {html}A Flow provides different dispatch policies within the NMR{html} |
    | _[<masterConnector>|#masterConnector-element]_ | {html}Connects a Slave Broker to a Master when using <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/masterslave.html">Master Slave</a> for High
Availability of messages.{html} |
    | _[<memoryUsage>|#memoryUsage-element]_ | {html}Used to keep track of how much of something is being used so that a
productive working set usage can be controlled. Main use case is manage
memory usage.{html} |
    | _[<multicastNetworkConnector>|#multicastNetworkConnector-element]_ | {html}A network connector which uses some kind of multicast-like transport that
communicates with potentially many remote brokers over a single logical
{@link Transport} instance such as when using multicast.

This implementation does not depend on multicast at all; any other group
based transport could be used.{html} |
    | _[<networkConnector>|#networkConnector-element]_ | {html}A network connector which uses a discovery agent to detect the remote brokers
available and setup a connection to each available remote broker{html} |
    | _[<outboundQueueBridge>|#outboundQueueBridge-element]_ | {html}Create an Outbound Queue Bridge{html} |
    | _[<outboundTopicBridge>|#outboundTopicBridge-element]_ | {html}Create an Outbound Topic Bridge{html} |
    | _[<proxyConnector>|#proxyConnector-element]_ | {html}{html} |
    | _[<storeUsage>|#storeUsage-element]_ | {html}Used to keep track of how much of something is being used so that a
productive working set usage can be controlled. Main use case is manage
memory usage.{html} |
    | _[<systemUsage>|#systemUsage-element]_ | {html}Holder for Usage instances for memory, store and temp files Main use case is
manage memory usage.{html} |
    | _[<tempUsage>|#tempUsage-element]_ | {html}Used to keep track of how much of something is being used so that a
productive working set usage can be controlled. Main use case is manage
memory usage.{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsMesageConvertor-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsMesageConvertor|#org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsMesageConvertor-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<simpleJmsMessageConvertor>|#simpleJmsMessageConvertor-element]_ | {html}Converts Message from one JMS to another{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.network.jms.OutboundTopicBridge-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.network.jms.OutboundTopicBridge|#org.apache.activemq.network.jms.OutboundTopicBridge-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<outboundTopicBridge>|#outboundTopicBridge-element]_ | {html}Create an Outbound Topic Bridge{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.broker.region.DestinationInterceptor-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.DestinationInterceptor|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.DestinationInterceptor-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<mirroredQueue>|#mirroredQueue-element]_ | {html}Creates <a href="http://activemq.org/site/mirrored-queues.html">Mirrored
Queue</a> using a prefix and postfix to define the topic name on which to mirror the queue to.{html} |
    | _[<virtualDestinationInterceptor>|#virtualDestinationInterceptor-element]_ | {html}Implements <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/virtual-destinations.html">Virtual Topics</a>.{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.filter.DestinationMap-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.filter.DestinationMap|#org.apache.activemq.filter.DestinationMap-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<authorizationMap>|#authorizationMap-element]_ | {html}Represents a destination based configuration of policies so that individual
destinations or wildcard hierarchies of destinations can be configured using
different policies. Each entry in the map represents the authorization ACLs
for each operation.{html} |
    | _[<policyMap>|#policyMap-element]_ | {html}Represents a destination based configuration of policies so that individual
destinations or wildcard hierarchies of destinations can be configured using
different policies.{html} |

{anchor:org.apache.activemq.network.NetworkBridgeConfiguration-types}
h4. The _[org.apache.activemq.network.NetworkBridgeConfiguration|#org.apache.activemq.network.NetworkBridgeConfiguration-types]_ Type Implementations
    | _[<ldapNetworkConnector>|#ldapNetworkConnector-element]_ | {html}class to create dynamic network connectors listed in an directory
server using the LDAP v3 protocol as defined in RFC 2251, the
entries listed in the directory server must implement the ipHost
and ipService objectClasses as defined in RFC 2307.{html} |
    | _[<multicastNetworkConnector>|#multicastNetworkConnector-element]_ | {html}A network connector which uses some kind of multicast-like transport that
communicates with potentially many remote brokers over a single logical
{@link Transport} instance such as when using multicast.

This implementation does not depend on multicast at all; any other group
based transport could be used.{html} |
    | _[<networkConnector>|#networkConnector-element]_ | {html}A network connector which uses a discovery agent to detect the remote brokers
available and setup a connection to each available remote broker{html} |


{anchor:amqPersistenceAdapter-element}
h3. The _[<amqPersistenceAdapter>|#amqPersistenceAdapter-element]_ Element
    {html}An implementation of {@link PersistenceAdapter} designed for use with a
{@link Journal} and then check pointing asynchronously on a timeout with some
other long term persistent storage.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | archiveDataLogs | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | asyncDataManager | _org.apache.activemq.kaha.impl.async.AsyncDataManager_ | {html}{html} |
    | brokerName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | brokerService | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService|#org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | checkpointInterval | _long_ | {html}{html} |
    | cleanupInterval | _long_ | {html}{html} |
    | directory | _java.io.File_ | {html}{html} |
    | directoryArchive | _java.io.File_ | {html}{html} |
    | disableLocking | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | indexBinSize | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | indexKeySize | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | indexPageSize | _int_ | {html}When set using XBean, you can use values such as: "20
mb", "1024 kb", or "1 gb"{html} |
    | maxCheckpointMessageAddSize | _int_ | {html}When set using XBean, you can use values such as: "20
mb", "1024 kb", or "1 gb"{html} |
    | maxFileLength | _int_ | {html}When set using XBean, you can use values such as: "20
mb", "1024 kb", or "1 gb"{html} |
    | maxReferenceFileLength | _int_ | {html}When set using XBean, you can use values such as: "20
mb", "1024 kb", or "1 gb"{html} |
    | persistentIndex | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | referenceStoreAdapter | _org.apache.activemq.store.ReferenceStoreAdapter_ | {html}{html} |
    | syncOnWrite | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | taskRunnerFactory | _org.apache.activemq.thread.TaskRunnerFactory_ | {html}{html} |
    | usageManager | _[org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage|#org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | useNio | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | wireFormat | _org.apache.activemq.wireformat.WireFormat_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:amqPersistenceAdapterFactory-element}
h3. The _[<amqPersistenceAdapterFactory>|#amqPersistenceAdapterFactory-element]_ Element
    {html}An implementation of {@link PersistenceAdapterFactory}{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | brokerName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | dataDirectory | _java.io.File_ | {html}{html} |
    | journalThreadPriority | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | maxFileLength | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | persistentIndex | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | referenceStoreAdapter | _org.apache.activemq.store.ReferenceStoreAdapter_ | {html}{html} |
    | syncOnWrite | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | taskRunnerFactory | _org.apache.activemq.thread.TaskRunnerFactory_ | {html}{html} |
    | useNio | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:authenticationUser-element}
h3. The _[<authenticationUser>|#authenticationUser-element]_ Element
    {html}A helper object used to configure simple authentiaction plugin{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | groups | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | password | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | username | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:authorizationEntry-element}
h3. The _[<authorizationEntry>|#authorizationEntry-element]_ Element
    {html}Represents an entry in a {@link DefaultAuthorizationMap} for assigning
different operations (read, write, admin) of user roles to a specific
destination or a hierarchical wildcard area of destinations.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | admin | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | adminACLs | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | destination | _[org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination|#org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | groupClass | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | queue | _java.lang.String_ | {html}A helper method to set the destination from a configuration file{html} |
    | read | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | readACLs | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | topic | _java.lang.String_ | {html}A helper method to set the destination from a configuration file{html} |
    | write | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | writeACLs | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}{html} |

{anchor:authorizationMap-element}
h3. The _[<authorizationMap>|#authorizationMap-element]_ Element
    {html}Represents a destination based configuration of policies so that individual
destinations or wildcard hierarchies of destinations can be configured using
different policies. Each entry in the map represents the authorization ACLs
for each operation.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | authorizationEntries | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}Sets the individual entries on the authorization map{html} |
    | defaultEntry | _[org.apache.activemq.security.AuthorizationEntry|#org.apache.activemq.security.AuthorizationEntry-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | entries | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}A helper method to allow the destination map to be populated from a
dependency injection framework such as Spring{html} |
    | tempDestinationAuthorizationEntry | _[org.apache.activemq.security.TempDestinationAuthorizationEntry|#org.apache.activemq.security.TempDestinationAuthorizationEntry-types]_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:authorizationPlugin-element}
h3. The _[<authorizationPlugin>|#authorizationPlugin-element]_ Element
    {html}An authorization plugin where each operation on a destination is checked
against an authorizationMap{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | map | _[org.apache.activemq.security.AuthorizationMap|#org.apache.activemq.security.AuthorizationMap-types]_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:axionJDBCAdapter-element}
h3. The _[<axionJDBCAdapter>|#axionJDBCAdapter-element]_ Element
    {html}Axion specific Adapter.

Axion does not seem to support ALTER statements or sub-selects. This means:
- We cannot auto upgrade the schema was we roll out new versions of ActiveMQ
- We cannot delete durable sub messages that have be acknowledged by all consumers.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | batchStatments | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | statements | _[org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements|#org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | useExternalMessageReferences | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:blobJDBCAdapter-element}
h3. The _[<blobJDBCAdapter>|#blobJDBCAdapter-element]_ Element
    {html}This JDBCAdapter inserts and extracts BLOB data using the getBlob()/setBlob()
operations. This is a little more involved since to insert a blob you have
to:

1: insert empty blob. 2: select the blob 3: finally update the blob with data
value.

The databases/JDBC drivers that use this adapter are:
<ul>
<li></li>
</ul>{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | batchStatments | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | statements | _[org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements|#org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | useExternalMessageReferences | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:broker-element}
h3. The _[<broker>|#broker-element]_ Element
    {html}An ActiveMQ Message Broker. It consists of a number of transport
connectors, network connectors and a bunch of properties which can be used to
configure the broker as its lazily created.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | adminView | _org.apache.activemq.broker.jmx.BrokerView_ | {html}Returns the administration view of the broker; used to create and destroy
resources such as queues and topics. Note this method returns null if JMX
is disabled.{html} |
    | advisorySupport | _boolean_ | {html}Allows the support of advisory messages to be disabled for performance
reasons.{html} |
    | applicationContext | _org.springframework.context.ApplicationContext_ | {html}{html} |
    | brokerName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the name of this broker; which must be unique in the network{html} |
    | brokerObjectName | _javax.management.ObjectName_ | {html}Sets the JMX ObjectName for this broker{html} |
    | cacheTempDestinations | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | consumerSystemUsage | _[org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage|#org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | consumerSystemUsagePortion | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | dataDirectory | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the directory in which the data files will be stored by default for
the JDBC and Journal persistence adaptors.{html} |
    | dataDirectoryFile | _java.io.File_ | {html}Sets the directory in which the data files will be stored by default for
the JDBC and Journal persistence adaptors.{html} |
    | dedicatedTaskRunner | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | deleteAllMessagesOnStartup | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether or not all messages are deleted on startup - mostly only
useful for testing.{html} |
    | destinationFactory | _org.apache.activemq.broker.region.DestinationFactory_ | {html}{html} |
    | destinationInterceptors | (_[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.DestinationInterceptor|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.DestinationInterceptor-types]_)\* | {html}Sets the destination interceptors to use{html} |
    | destinationPolicy | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PolicyMap|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PolicyMap-types]_ | {html}Sets the destination specific policies available either for exact
destinations or for wildcard areas of destinations.{html} |
    | destinations | (_[org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination|#org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination-types]_)\* | {html}Sets the destinations which should be loaded/created on startup{html} |
    | enableStatistics | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether or not the Broker's services enable statistics or not.{html} |
    | jmsBridgeConnectors | (_[org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsConnector|#org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsConnector-types]_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | keepDurableSubsActive | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | managementContext | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.jmx.ManagementContext|#org.apache.activemq.broker.jmx.ManagementContext-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | masterConnectorURI | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | messageAuthorizationPolicy | _org.apache.activemq.security.MessageAuthorizationPolicy_ | {html}Sets the policy used to decide if the current connection is authorized to
consume a given message{html} |
    | monitorConnectionSplits | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | networkConnectorURIs | (_java.lang.String_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | networkConnectors | (_[org.apache.activemq.network.NetworkConnector|#org.apache.activemq.network.NetworkConnector-types]_)\* | {html}Sets the network connectors which this broker will use to connect to
other brokers in a federated network{html} |
    | persistenceAdapter | _[org.apache.activemq.store.PersistenceAdapter|#org.apache.activemq.store.PersistenceAdapter-types]_ | {html}Sets the persistence adaptor implementation to use for this broker{html} |
    | persistenceFactory | _[org.apache.activemq.store.PersistenceAdapterFactory|#org.apache.activemq.store.PersistenceAdapterFactory-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | persistenceTaskRunnerFactory | _org.apache.activemq.thread.TaskRunnerFactory_ | {html}{html} |
    | persistenceThreadPriority | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | persistent | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether or not persistence is enabled or disabled.{html} |
    | plugins | (_[org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerPlugin|#org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerPlugin-types]_)\* | {html}Sets a number of broker plugins to install such as for security
authentication or authorization{html} |
    | populateJMSXUserID | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether or not the broker should populate the JMSXUserID header.{html} |
    | producerSystemUsage | _[org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage|#org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | producerSystemUsagePortion | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | proxyConnectors | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}Sets the network connectors which this broker will use to connect to
other brokers in a federated network{html} |
    | regionBroker | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.Broker|#org.apache.activemq.broker.Broker-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | services | (_[org.apache.activemq.Service|#org.apache.activemq.Service-types]_)\* | {html}Sets the services associated with this broker such as a
{@link MasterConnector}{html} |
    | shutdownOnMasterFailure | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | splitSystemUsageForProducersConsumers | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | start | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether or not the broker is started along with the ApplicationContext it is defined within.
Normally you would want the broker to start up along with the ApplicationContext but sometimes when working
with JUnit tests you may wish to start and stop the broker explicitly yourself.{html} |
    | supportFailOver | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | systemUsage | _[org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage|#org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | taskRunnerFactory | _org.apache.activemq.thread.TaskRunnerFactory_ | {html}{html} |
    | taskRunnerPriority | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | tempDataStore | _org.apache.activemq.kaha.Store_ | {html}{html} |
    | timeBeforePurgeTempDestinations | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | tmpDataDirectory | _java.io.File_ | {html}{html} |
    | transportConnectorURIs | (_java.lang.String_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | transportConnectors | (_[org.apache.activemq.broker.TransportConnector|#org.apache.activemq.broker.TransportConnector-types]_)\* | {html}Sets the transport connectors which this broker will listen on for new
clients{html} |
    | useJmx | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether or not the Broker's services should be exposed into JMX or
not.{html} |
    | useLocalHostBrokerName | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | useLoggingForShutdownErrors | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether or not we should use commons-logging when reporting errors
when shutting down the broker{html} |
    | useMirroredQueues | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether or not <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/mirrored-queues.html">Mirrored
Queues</a> should be supported by default if they have not been
explicitly configured.{html} |
    | useShutdownHook | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether or not we should use a shutdown handler to close down the
broker cleanly if the JVM is terminated. It is recommended you leave this
enabled.{html} |
    | useVirtualTopics | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether or not <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/virtual-destinations.html">Virtual
Topics</a> should be supported by default if they have not been
explicitly configured.{html} |
    | vmConnectorURI | _java.net.URI_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:bytesJDBCAdapter-element}
h3. The _[<bytesJDBCAdapter>|#bytesJDBCAdapter-element]_ Element
    {html}This JDBCAdapter inserts and extracts BLOB data using the
setBytes()/getBytes() operations. The databases/JDBC drivers that use this
adapter are:{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | batchStatments | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | statements | _[org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements|#org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | useExternalMessageReferences | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:commandAgent-element}
h3. The _[<commandAgent>|#commandAgent-element]_ Element
    {html}An agent which listens to commands on a JMS destination{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | brokerUrl | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | commandDestination | _[javax.jms.Destination|#javax.jms.Destination-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | connection | _javax.jms.Connection_ | {html}{html} |
    | connectionFactory | _[javax.jms.ConnectionFactory|#javax.jms.ConnectionFactory-types]_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:compositeDemandForwardingBridge-element}
h3. The _[<compositeDemandForwardingBridge>|#compositeDemandForwardingBridge-element]_ Element
    {html}A demand forwarding bridge which works with multicast style transports where
a single Transport could be communicating with multiple remote brokers{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | configuration | _[org.apache.activemq.network.NetworkBridgeConfiguration|#org.apache.activemq.network.NetworkBridgeConfiguration-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | createdByDuplex | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | durableDestinations | (_[org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination|#org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination-types]_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | dynamicallyIncludedDestinations | (_[org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination|#org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination-types]_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | excludedDestinations | (_[org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination|#org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination-types]_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | localBroker | _org.apache.activemq.transport.Transport_ | {html}{html} |
    | networkBridgeListener | _org.apache.activemq.network.NetworkBridgeListener_ | {html}{html} |
    | remoteBroker | _org.apache.activemq.transport.Transport_ | {html}{html} |
    | staticallyIncludedDestinations | (_[org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination|#org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination-types]_)\* | {html}{html} |

{anchor:compositeQueue-element}
h3. The _[<compositeQueue>|#compositeQueue-element]_ Element
    {html}Represents a virtual queue which forwards to a number of other destinations.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | copyMessage | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether a copy of the message will be sent to each destination.
Defaults to true so that the forward destination is set as the
destination of the message{html} |
    | forwardOnly | _boolean_ | {html}Sets if the virtual destination is forward only (and so there is no
physical queue to match the virtual queue) or if there is also a physical
queue with the same name).{html} |
    | forwardTo | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}Sets the list of destinations to forward to{html} |
    | name | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the name of this composite destination{html} |

{anchor:compositeTopic-element}
h3. The _[<compositeTopic>|#compositeTopic-element]_ Element
    {html}Represents a virtual topic which forwards to a number of other destinations.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | copyMessage | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether a copy of the message will be sent to each destination.
Defaults to true so that the forward destination is set as the
destination of the message{html} |
    | forwardOnly | _boolean_ | {html}Sets if the virtual destination is forward only (and so there is no
physical queue to match the virtual queue) or if there is also a physical
queue with the same name).{html} |
    | forwardTo | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}Sets the list of destinations to forward to{html} |
    | name | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the name of this composite destination{html} |

{anchor:connectionDotFilePlugin-element}
h3. The _[<connectionDotFilePlugin>|#connectionDotFilePlugin-element]_ Element
    {html}A <a href="http://www.graphviz.org/">DOT</a> file creator plugin which
creates a DOT file showing the current connections{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | file | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the destination file name to create the destination diagram{html} |

{anchor:connectionFactory-element}
h3. The _[<connectionFactory>|#connectionFactory-element]_ Element
    {html}A <a href="http://www.springframework.org/">Spring</a> enhanced connection
factory which will automatically use the Spring bean name as the clientIDPrefix property
so that connections created have client IDs related to your Spring.xml file for
easier comprehension from <a href="http://activemq.apache.org/jmx.html">JMX</a>.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | alwaysSessionAsync | _boolean_ | {html}If this flag is set then a separate thread is not used for dispatching
messages for each Session in the Connection. However, a separate thread
is always used if there is more than one session, or the session isn't in
auto acknowledge or duplicates ok mode{html} |
    | alwaysSyncSend | _boolean_ | {html}Set true if always require messages to be sync sent{html} |
    | beanName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | blobTransferPolicy | _org.apache.activemq.blob.BlobTransferPolicy_ | {html}Sets the policy used to describe how out-of-band BLOBs (Binary Large
OBjects) are transferred from producers to brokers to consumers{html} |
    | brokerURL | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/configuring-transports.html">connection
URL</a> used to connect to the ActiveMQ broker.{html} |
    | clientID | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the JMS clientID to use for the created connection. Note that this
can only be used by one connection at once so generally its a better idea
to set the clientID on a Connection{html} |
    | clientIDPrefix | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the prefix used by autogenerated JMS Client ID values which are used
if the JMS client does not explicitly specify on.{html} |
    | clientIdGenerator | _org.apache.activemq.util.IdGenerator_ | {html}{html} |
    | closeTimeout | _int_ | {html}Sets the timeout before a close is considered complete. Normally a
close() on a connection waits for confirmation from the broker; this
allows that operation to timeout to save the client hanging if there is
no broker{html} |
    | copyMessageOnSend | _boolean_ | {html}Should a JMS message be copied to a new JMS Message object as part of the
send() method in JMS. This is enabled by default to be compliant with the
JMS specification. You can disable it if you do not mutate JMS messages
after they are sent for a performance boost{html} |
    | disableTimeStampsByDefault | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether or not timestamps on messages should be disabled or not. If
you disable them it adds a small performance boost.{html} |
    | dispatchAsync | _boolean_ | {html}Enables or disables the default setting of whether or not consumers have
their messages <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/consumer-dispatch-async.html">dispatched
synchronously or asynchronously by the broker</a>. For non-durable
topics for example we typically dispatch synchronously by default to
minimize context switches which boost performance. However sometimes its
better to go slower to ensure that a single blocked consumer socket does
not block delivery to other consumers.{html} |
    | exclusiveConsumer | _boolean_ | {html}Enables or disables whether or not queue consumers should be exclusive or
not for example to preserve ordering when not using <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/message-groups.html">Message Groups</a>{html} |
    | nestedMapAndListEnabled | _boolean_ | {html}Enables/disables whether or not Message properties and MapMessage entries
support <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/structured-message-properties-and-mapmessages.html">Nested
Structures</a> of Map and List objects{html} |
    | objectMessageSerializationDefered | _boolean_ | {html}When an object is set on an ObjectMessage, the JMS spec requires the
object to be serialized by that set method. Enabling this flag causes the
object to not get serialized. The object may subsequently get serialized
if the message needs to be sent over a socket or stored to disk.{html} |
    | optimizeAcknowledge | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | optimizedMessageDispatch | _boolean_ | {html}If this flag is set then an larger prefetch limit is used - only
applicable for durable topic subscribers.{html} |
    | password | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the JMS password used for connections created from this factory{html} |
    | prefetchPolicy | _[org.apache.activemq.ActiveMQPrefetchPolicy|#org.apache.activemq.ActiveMQPrefetchPolicy-types]_ | {html}Sets the <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/what-is-the-prefetch-limit-for.html">prefetch
policy</a> for consumers created by this connection.{html} |
    | producerWindowSize | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | properties | _java.util.Properties_ | {html}Get the properties from this instance for storing in JNDI{html} |
    | redeliveryPolicy | _[org.apache.activemq.RedeliveryPolicy|#org.apache.activemq.RedeliveryPolicy-types]_ | {html}Sets the global redelivery policy to be used when a message is delivered
but the session is rolled back{html} |
    | sendTimeout | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | statsEnabled | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | transformer | _org.apache.activemq.MessageTransformer_ | {html}Sets the transformer used to transform messages before they are sent on
to the JMS bus or when they are received from the bus but before they are
delivered to the JMS client{html} |
    | transportListener | _org.apache.activemq.transport.TransportListener_ | {html}Allows a listener to be configured on the ConnectionFactory so that when this factory is used
with frameworks which don't expose the Connection such as Spring JmsTemplate, you can still register
a transport listener.{html} |
    | useAsyncSend | _boolean_ | {html}Forces the use of <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/async-sends.html">Async Sends</a> which
adds a massive performance boost; but means that the send() method will
return immediately whether the message has been sent or not which could
lead to message loss.{html} |
    | useBeanNameAsClientIdPrefix | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | useCompression | _boolean_ | {html}Enables the use of compression of the message bodies{html} |
    | useRetroactiveConsumer | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether or not retroactive consumers are enabled. Retroactive
consumers allow non-durable topic subscribers to receive old messages
that were published before the non-durable subscriber started.{html} |
    | userName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the JMS userName used by connections created by this factory{html} |
    | warnAboutUnstartedConnectionTimeout | _long_ | {html}Enables the timeout from a connection creation to when a warning is
generated if the connection is not properly started via
{@link Connection#start()} and a message is received by a consumer. It is
a very common gotcha to forget to <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/i-am-not-receiving-any-messages-what-is-wrong.html">start
the connection</a> so this option makes the default case to create a
warning if the user forgets. To disable the warning just set the value to <
0 (say -1).{html} |
    | watchTopicAdvisories | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:constantPendingMessageLimitStrategy-element}
h3. The _[<constantPendingMessageLimitStrategy>|#constantPendingMessageLimitStrategy-element]_ Element
    {html}This PendingMessageLimitStrategy is configured to a constant value for all subscriptions.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | limit | _int_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:db2JDBCAdapter-element}
h3. The _[<db2JDBCAdapter>|#db2JDBCAdapter-element]_ Element
    {html}{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | batchStatments | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | statements | _[org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements|#org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | useExternalMessageReferences | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:defaultJDBCAdapter-element}
h3. The _[<defaultJDBCAdapter>|#defaultJDBCAdapter-element]_ Element
    {html}Implements all the default JDBC operations that are used by the
JDBCPersistenceAdapter. <p/> sub-classing is encouraged to override the
default implementation of methods to account for differences in JDBC Driver
implementations. <p/> The JDBCAdapter inserts and extracts BLOB data using
the getBytes()/setBytes() operations. <p/> The databases/JDBC drivers that
use this adapter are:
<ul>
<li></li>
</ul>{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | batchStatments | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | statements | _[org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements|#org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | useExternalMessageReferences | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:defaultUsageCapacity-element}
h3. The _[<defaultUsageCapacity>|#defaultUsageCapacity-element]_ Element
    {html}Identify if a limit has been reached{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | limit | _long_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:demandForwardingBridge-element}
h3. The _[<demandForwardingBridge>|#demandForwardingBridge-element]_ Element
    {html}Forwards messages from the local broker to the remote broker based on demand.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | configuration | _[org.apache.activemq.network.NetworkBridgeConfiguration|#org.apache.activemq.network.NetworkBridgeConfiguration-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | createdByDuplex | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | durableDestinations | (_[org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination|#org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination-types]_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | dynamicallyIncludedDestinations | (_[org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination|#org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination-types]_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | excludedDestinations | (_[org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination|#org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination-types]_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | localBroker | _org.apache.activemq.transport.Transport_ | {html}{html} |
    | networkBridgeListener | _org.apache.activemq.network.NetworkBridgeListener_ | {html}{html} |
    | remoteBroker | _org.apache.activemq.transport.Transport_ | {html}{html} |
    | staticallyIncludedDestinations | (_[org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination|#org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination-types]_)\* | {html}{html} |

{anchor:destinationDotFilePlugin-element}
h3. The _[<destinationDotFilePlugin>|#destinationDotFilePlugin-element]_ Element
    {html}A <a href="http://www.graphviz.org/">DOT</a>
file creator plugin which creates a DOT file showing the current topic & queue hierarchies.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | file | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the destination file name to create the destination diagram{html} |

{anchor:destinationEntry-element}
h3. The _[<destinationEntry>|#destinationEntry-element]_ Element
    {html}A default entry in a DestinationMap which holds a single value.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | destination | _[org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination|#org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | queue | _java.lang.String_ | {html}A helper method to set the destination from a configuration file{html} |
    | topic | _java.lang.String_ | {html}A helper method to set the destination from a configuration file{html} |
    | value | _java.lang.Object_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:fileCursor-element}
h3. The _[<fileCursor>|#fileCursor-element]_ Element
    {html}Pending messages{html}

{anchor:fileDurableSubscriberCursor-element}
h3. The _[<fileDurableSubscriberCursor>|#fileDurableSubscriberCursor-element]_ Element
    {html}Pending messages for durable subscribers{html}

{anchor:fileQueueCursor-element}
h3. The _[<fileQueueCursor>|#fileQueueCursor-element]_ Element
    {html}Pending{html}

{anchor:filteredDestination-element}
h3. The _[<filteredDestination>|#filteredDestination-element]_ Element
    {html}Represents a destination which is filtered using some predicate such as a selector
so that messages are only dispatched to the destination if they match the filter.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | destination | _[org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination|#org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination-types]_ | {html}The destination to send messages to if they match the filter{html} |
    | filter | _org.apache.activemq.filter.BooleanExpression_ | {html}{html} |
    | queue | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the destination property to the given queue name{html} |
    | selector | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the JMS selector used to filter messages before forwarding them to this destination{html} |
    | topic | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the destination property to the given topic name{html} |

{anchor:fixedCountSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-element}
h3. The _[<fixedCountSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy>|#fixedCountSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-element]_ Element
    {html}This implementation of {@link SubscriptionRecoveryPolicy} will keep a fixed
count of last messages.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | maximumSize | _int_ | {html}Sets the maximum number of messages that this destination will hold
around in RAM{html} |

{anchor:fixedSizedSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-element}
h3. The _[<fixedSizedSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy>|#fixedSizedSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-element]_ Element
    {html}This implementation of {@link SubscriptionRecoveryPolicy} will keep a fixed
amount of memory available in RAM for message history which is evicted in
time order.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | buffer | _org.apache.activemq.memory.list.MessageList_ | {html}{html} |
    | maximumSize | _int_ | {html}Sets the maximum amount of RAM in bytes that this buffer can hold in RAM{html} |
    | useSharedBuffer | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:forwardingBridge-element}
h3. The _[<forwardingBridge>|#forwardingBridge-element]_ Element
    {html}Forwards all messages from the local broker to the remote broker.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | clientId | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | destinationFilter | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | dispatchAsync | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | localBroker | _org.apache.activemq.transport.Transport_ | {html}{html} |
    | networkBridgeFailedListener | _org.apache.activemq.network.NetworkBridgeListener_ | {html}{html} |
    | prefetchSize | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | remoteBroker | _org.apache.activemq.transport.Transport_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:imageBasedJDBCAdaptor-element}
h3. The _[<imageBasedJDBCAdaptor>|#imageBasedJDBCAdaptor-element]_ Element
    {html}Provides JDBCAdapter since that uses
IMAGE datatype to hold binary data.

The databases/JDBC drivers that use this adapter are:
<ul>
<li>Sybase</li>
<li>MS SQL</li>
</ul>{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | batchStatments | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | statements | _[org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements|#org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | useExternalMessageReferences | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:inboundQueueBridge-element}
h3. The _[<inboundQueueBridge>|#inboundQueueBridge-element]_ Element
    {html}Create an Inbound Queue Bridge{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | consumer | _javax.jms.MessageConsumer_ | {html}{html} |
    | consumerConnection | _javax.jms.QueueConnection_ | {html}{html} |
    | consumerQueue | _[javax.jms.Queue|#javax.jms.Queue-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | doHandleReplyTo | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | inboundQueueName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | jmsConnector | _[org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsConnector|#org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsConnector-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | jmsMessageConvertor | _[org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsMesageConvertor|#org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsMesageConvertor-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | localQueueName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | maximumRetries | _int_ | {html}Sets the maximum number of retries if a send fails before closing the
bridge{html} |
    | producerConnection | _javax.jms.QueueConnection_ | {html}{html} |
    | producerQueue | _[javax.jms.Queue|#javax.jms.Queue-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | selector | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:inboundTopicBridge-element}
h3. The _[<inboundTopicBridge>|#inboundTopicBridge-element]_ Element
    {html}Create an Inbound Topic Bridge{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | consumer | _javax.jms.MessageConsumer_ | {html}{html} |
    | consumerConnection | _javax.jms.TopicConnection_ | {html}{html} |
    | consumerName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | consumerTopic | _[javax.jms.Topic|#javax.jms.Topic-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | doHandleReplyTo | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | inboundTopicName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | jmsConnector | _[org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsConnector|#org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsConnector-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | jmsMessageConvertor | _[org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsMesageConvertor|#org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsMesageConvertor-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | localTopicName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | maximumRetries | _int_ | {html}Sets the maximum number of retries if a send fails before closing the
bridge{html} |
    | producerConnection | _javax.jms.TopicConnection_ | {html}{html} |
    | producerTopic | _[javax.jms.Topic|#javax.jms.Topic-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | selector | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:individualDeadLetterStrategy-element}
h3. The _[<individualDeadLetterStrategy>|#individualDeadLetterStrategy-element]_ Element
    {html}A {@link DeadLetterStrategy} where each destination has its own individual
DLQ using the subject naming hierarchy.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | processExpired | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | processNonPersistent | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | queuePrefix | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the prefix to use for all dead letter queues for queue messages{html} |
    | topicPrefix | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the prefix to use for all dead letter queues for topic messages{html} |
    | useQueueForQueueMessages | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether a queue or topic should be used for queue messages sent to a
DLQ. The default is to use a Queue{html} |
    | useQueueForTopicMessages | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether a queue or topic should be used for topic messages sent to a
DLQ. The default is to use a Queue{html} |

{anchor:informixJDBCAdapter-element}
h3. The _[<informixJDBCAdapter>|#informixJDBCAdapter-element]_ Element
    {html}JDBC Adapter for Informix database.
Because Informix database restricts length of composite primary keys, length of
<i>container name</i> field and <i>subscription id</i> field must be reduced to 150 characters.
Therefore be sure not to use longer names for container name and subscription id than 150 characters.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | batchStatments | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | statements | _[org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements|#org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | useExternalMessageReferences | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:jaasAuthenticationPlugin-element}
h3. The _[<jaasAuthenticationPlugin>|#jaasAuthenticationPlugin-element]_ Element
    {html}Provides a JAAS based authentication plugin{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | configuration | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the JAAS configuration domain name used{html} |
    | discoverLoginConfig | _boolean_ | {html}Enables or disables the auto-discovery of the login.config file for JAAS to initialize itself.
This flag is enabled by default such that if the <b>java.security.auth.login.config</b> system property
is not defined then it is set to the location of the <b>login.config</b> file on the classpath.{html} |

{anchor:jaasCertificateAuthenticationPlugin-element}
h3. The _[<jaasCertificateAuthenticationPlugin>|#jaasCertificateAuthenticationPlugin-element]_ Element
    {html}Provides a JAAS based SSL certificate authentication plugin{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | configuration | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the JAAS configuration domain name used{html} |
    | discoverLoginConfig | _boolean_ | {html}Enables or disables the auto-discovery of the login.config file for JAAS to initialize itself.
This flag is enabled by default such that if the <b>java.security.auth.login.config</b> system property
is not defined then it is set to the location of the <b>login.config</b> file on the classpath.{html} |

{anchor:jdbcPersistenceAdapter-element}
h3. The _[<jdbcPersistenceAdapter>|#jdbcPersistenceAdapter-element]_ Element
    {html}A {@link PersistenceAdapter} implementation using JDBC for persistence
storage.

This persistence adapter will correctly remember prepared XA transactions,
but it will not keep track of local transaction commits so that operations
performed against the Message store are done as a single uow.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | adapter | _[org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.JDBCAdapter|#org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.JDBCAdapter-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | brokerName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | brokerService | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService|#org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | cleanupPeriod | _int_ | {html}Sets the number of milliseconds until the database is attempted to be
cleaned up for durable topics{html} |
    | createTablesOnStartup | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether or not tables are created on startup{html} |
    | dataDirectory | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | dataDirectoryFile | _java.io.File_ | {html}{html} |
    | dataSource | _javax.sql.DataSource_ | {html}{html} |
    | databaseLocker | _org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.DatabaseLocker_ | {html}Sets the database locker strategy to use to lock the database on startup{html} |
    | directory | _java.io.File_ | {html}{html} |
    | ds | _javax.sql.DataSource_ | {html}{html} |
    | lockKeepAlivePeriod | _long_ | {html}{html} |
    | scheduledThreadPoolExecutor | _java.util.concurrent.ScheduledThreadPoolExecutor_ | {html}{html} |
    | statements | _[org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements|#org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | usageManager | _[org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage|#org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | useDatabaseLock | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether or not an exclusive database lock should be used to enable
JDBC Master/Slave. Enabled by default.{html} |
    | useExternalMessageReferences | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | wireFormat | _org.apache.activemq.wireformat.WireFormat_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:jmsQueueConnector-element}
h3. The _[<jmsQueueConnector>|#jmsQueueConnector-element]_ Element
    {html}A Bridge to other JMS Queue providers{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | brokerService | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService|#org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService-types]_ | {html}One way to configure the local connection - this is called by The
BrokerService when the Connector is embedded{html} |
    | inboundMessageConvertor | _[org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsMesageConvertor|#org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsMesageConvertor-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | inboundQueueBridges | (_[org.apache.activemq.network.jms.InboundQueueBridge|#org.apache.activemq.network.jms.InboundQueueBridge-types]_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | jndiLocalTemplate | _org.springframework.jndi.JndiTemplate_ | {html}{html} |
    | jndiOutboundTemplate | _org.springframework.jndi.JndiTemplate_ | {html}{html} |
    | localClientId | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | localConnectionFactoryName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | localPassword | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | localQueueConnection | _javax.jms.QueueConnection_ | {html}{html} |
    | localQueueConnectionFactory | _[javax.jms.QueueConnectionFactory|#javax.jms.QueueConnectionFactory-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | localUsername | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | name | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | outboundClientId | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | outboundMessageConvertor | _[org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsMesageConvertor|#org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsMesageConvertor-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | outboundPassword | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | outboundQueueBridges | (_[org.apache.activemq.network.jms.OutboundQueueBridge|#org.apache.activemq.network.jms.OutboundQueueBridge-types]_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | outboundQueueConnection | _javax.jms.QueueConnection_ | {html}{html} |
    | outboundQueueConnectionFactory | _[javax.jms.QueueConnectionFactory|#javax.jms.QueueConnectionFactory-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | outboundQueueConnectionFactoryName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | outboundUsername | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | replyToDestinationCacheSize | _int_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:jmsTopicConnector-element}
h3. The _[<jmsTopicConnector>|#jmsTopicConnector-element]_ Element
    {html}A Bridge to other JMS Topic providers{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | brokerService | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService|#org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService-types]_ | {html}One way to configure the local connection - this is called by The
BrokerService when the Connector is embedded{html} |
    | inboundMessageConvertor | _[org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsMesageConvertor|#org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsMesageConvertor-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | inboundTopicBridges | (_[org.apache.activemq.network.jms.InboundTopicBridge|#org.apache.activemq.network.jms.InboundTopicBridge-types]_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | jndiLocalTemplate | _org.springframework.jndi.JndiTemplate_ | {html}{html} |
    | jndiOutboundTemplate | _org.springframework.jndi.JndiTemplate_ | {html}{html} |
    | localClientId | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | localConnectionFactoryName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | localPassword | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | localTopicConnection | _javax.jms.TopicConnection_ | {html}{html} |
    | localTopicConnectionFactory | _[javax.jms.TopicConnectionFactory|#javax.jms.TopicConnectionFactory-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | localUsername | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | name | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | outboundClientId | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | outboundMessageConvertor | _[org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsMesageConvertor|#org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsMesageConvertor-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | outboundPassword | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | outboundTopicBridges | (_[org.apache.activemq.network.jms.OutboundTopicBridge|#org.apache.activemq.network.jms.OutboundTopicBridge-types]_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | outboundTopicConnection | _javax.jms.TopicConnection_ | {html}{html} |
    | outboundTopicConnectionFactory | _[javax.jms.TopicConnectionFactory|#javax.jms.TopicConnectionFactory-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | outboundTopicConnectionFactoryName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | outboundUsername | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | replyToDestinationCacheSize | _int_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:journalPersistenceAdapter-element}
h3. The _[<journalPersistenceAdapter>|#journalPersistenceAdapter-element]_ Element
    {html}An implementation of {@link PersistenceAdapter} designed for use with a
{@link Journal} and then check pointing asynchronously on a timeout with some
other long term persistent storage.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | brokerName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | directory | _java.io.File_ | {html}{html} |
    | journal | _org.apache.activeio.journal.Journal_ | {html}{html} |
    | longTermPersistence | _[org.apache.activemq.store.PersistenceAdapter|#org.apache.activemq.store.PersistenceAdapter-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | maxCheckpointMessageAddSize | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | maxCheckpointWorkers | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | taskRunnerFactory | _org.apache.activemq.thread.TaskRunnerFactory_ | {html}{html} |
    | usageManager | _[org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage|#org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | useExternalMessageReferences | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:journaledJDBC-element}
h3. The _[<journaledJDBC>|#journaledJDBC-element]_ Element
    {html}Creates a default persistence model using the Journal and JDBC{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | adapter | _[org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.JDBCAdapter|#org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.JDBCAdapter-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | createTablesOnStartup | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether or not tables are created on startup{html} |
    | dataDirectory | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | dataDirectoryFile | _java.io.File_ | {html}{html} |
    | dataSource | _javax.sql.DataSource_ | {html}{html} |
    | jdbcAdapter | _[org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.JDBCPersistenceAdapter|#org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.JDBCPersistenceAdapter-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | journal | _org.apache.activeio.journal.Journal_ | {html}{html} |
    | journalArchiveDirectory | _java.io.File_ | {html}{html} |
    | journalLogFileSize | _int_ | {html}Sets the size of the journal log files{html} |
    | journalLogFiles | _int_ | {html}Sets the number of journal log files to use{html} |
    | journalThreadPriority | _int_ | {html}Sets the thread priority of the journal thread{html} |
    | statements | _[org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements|#org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | taskRunnerFactory | _org.apache.activemq.thread.TaskRunnerFactory_ | {html}{html} |
    | useDatabaseLock | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether or not an exclusive database lock should be used to enable
JDBC Master/Slave. Enabled by default.{html} |
    | useJournal | _boolean_ | {html}Enables or disables the use of the journal. The default is to use the
journal{html} |
    | useQuickJournal | _boolean_ | {html}Enables or disables the use of quick journal, which keeps messages in the
journal and just stores a reference to the messages in JDBC. Defaults to
false so that messages actually reside long term in the JDBC database.{html} |

{anchor:kahaPersistenceAdapter-element}
h3. The _[<kahaPersistenceAdapter>|#kahaPersistenceAdapter-element]_ Element
    {html}{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | brokerName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | directory | _java.io.File_ | {html}{html} |
    | maxDataFileLength | _long_ | {html}{html} |
    | persistentIndex | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | size | _java.util.concurrent.atomic.AtomicLong_ | {html}{html} |
    | usageManager | _[org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage|#org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage-types]_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:lDAPAuthorizationMap-element}
h3. The _[<lDAPAuthorizationMap>|#lDAPAuthorizationMap-element]_ Element
    {html}An {@link AuthorizationMap} which uses LDAP{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | adminAttribute | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | adminBase | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | authentication | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | connectionPassword | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | connectionProtocol | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | connectionURL | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | connectionUsername | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | context | _javax.naming.directory.DirContext_ | {html}{html} |
    | initialContextFactory | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | options | _java.util.Map_ | {html}{html} |
    | queueSearchMatchingFormat | _java.text.MessageFormat_ | {html}{html} |
    | queueSearchSubtreeBool | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | readAttribute | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | readBase | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | topicSearchMatchingFormat | _java.text.MessageFormat_ | {html}{html} |
    | topicSearchSubtreeBool | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | writeAttribute | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | writeBase | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:lastImageSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-element}
h3. The _[<lastImageSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy>|#lastImageSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-element]_ Element
    {html}This implementation of {@link SubscriptionRecoveryPolicy} will only keep the
last message.{html}

{anchor:ldapNetworkConnector-element}
h3. The _[<ldapNetworkConnector>|#ldapNetworkConnector-element]_ Element
    {html}class to create dynamic network connectors listed in an directory
server using the LDAP v3 protocol as defined in RFC 2251, the
entries listed in the directory server must implement the ipHost
and ipService objectClasses as defined in RFC 2307.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | anonymousAuthentication | _boolean_ | {html}sets LDAP anonymous authentication access credentials{html} |
    | base | _java.lang.String_ | {html}sets the base LDAP dn used for lookup operations{html} |
    | bridgeTempDestinations | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | brokerName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | brokerService | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService|#org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | conduitSubscriptions | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | connectionFilter | _org.apache.activemq.network.ConnectionFilter_ | {html}{html} |
    | decreaseNetworkConsumerPriority | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | destinationFilter | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | dispatchAsync | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | duplex | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | durableDestinations | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | dynamicOnly | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | dynamicallyIncludedDestinations | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | excludedDestinations | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | localUri | _java.net.URI_ | {html}{html} |
    | name | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | networkTTL | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | objectName | _javax.management.ObjectName_ | {html}{html} |
    | password | _java.lang.String_ | {html}sets the LDAP password for access credentials{html} |
    | prefetchSize | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | searchEventListener | _boolean_ | {html}enables/disable a persistent search to the LDAP server as defined
in draft-ietf-ldapext-psearch-03.txt (2.16.840.1.113730.3.4.3){html} |
    | searchFilter | _java.lang.String_ | {html}sets the LDAP search filter as defined in RFC 2254{html} |
    | searchScope | _java.lang.String_ | {html}sets the LDAP search scope{html} |
    | staticallyIncludedDestinations | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | uri | _java.net.URI_ | {html}returns the next URI from the configured list{html} |
    | user | _java.lang.String_ | {html}sets the LDAP user for access credentials{html} |
    | userName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:loggingBrokerPlugin-element}
h3. The _[<loggingBrokerPlugin>|#loggingBrokerPlugin-element]_ Element
    {html}A simple Broker interceptor which allows you to enable/disable logging.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | ackLog | _org.apache.commons.logging.Log_ | {html}{html} |
    | adminConnectionContext | _org.apache.activemq.broker.ConnectionContext_ | {html}{html} |
    | log | _org.apache.commons.logging.Log_ | {html}{html} |
    | next | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.Broker|#org.apache.activemq.broker.Broker-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | sendLog | _org.apache.commons.logging.Log_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:managementContext-element}
h3. The _[<managementContext>|#managementContext-element]_ Element
    {html}A Flow provides different dispatch policies within the NMR{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | MBeanServer | _javax.management.MBeanServer_ | {html}Get the MBeanServer{html} |
    | connectorPath | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | connectorPort | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | createConnector | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | createMBeanServer | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | findTigerMbeanServer | _boolean_ | {html}Enables/disables the searching for the Java 5 platform MBeanServer{html} |
    | jmxDomainName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | rmiServerPort | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | server | _javax.management.MBeanServer_ | {html}{html} |
    | useMBeanServer | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:masterConnector-element}
h3. The _[<masterConnector>|#masterConnector-element]_ Element
    {html}Connects a Slave Broker to a Master when using <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/masterslave.html">Master Slave</a> for High
Availability of messages.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | brokerService | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService|#org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | localURI | _java.net.URI_ | {html}{html} |
    | password | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | remoteURI | _java.net.URI_ | {html}{html} |
    | remoteUri | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | userName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:memoryPersistenceAdapter-element}
h3. The _[<memoryPersistenceAdapter>|#memoryPersistenceAdapter-element]_ Element
    {html}{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | brokerName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | directory | _java.io.File_ | {html}{html} |
    | usageManager | _[org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage|#org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | useExternalMessageReferences | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:memoryUsage-element}
h3. The _[<memoryUsage>|#memoryUsage-element]_ Element
    {html}Used to keep track of how much of something is being used so that a
productive working set usage can be controlled. Main use case is manage
memory usage.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | limit | _long_ | {html}Sets the memory limit in bytes. Setting the limit in bytes will set the
usagePortion to 0 since the UsageManager is not going to be portion based
off the parent. When set using XBean, you can use values such as: "20
mb", "1024 kb", or "1 gb"{html} |
    | limiter | _[org.apache.activemq.usage.UsageCapacity|#org.apache.activemq.usage.UsageCapacity-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | name | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | parent | _T_ | {html}{html} |
    | percentUsage | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | percentUsageMinDelta | _int_ | {html}Sets the minimum number of percentage points the usage has to change
before a UsageListener event is fired by the manager.{html} |
    | pollingTime | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | portion | _float_ | {html}{html} |
    | usage | _long_ | {html}{html} |
    | usagePortion | _float_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:messageGroupHashBucketFactory-element}
h3. The _[<messageGroupHashBucketFactory>|#messageGroupHashBucketFactory-element]_ Element
    {html}A factory to create instances of {@link SimpleMessageGroupMap} when
implementing the <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/message-groups.html">Message
Groups</a> functionality.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | bucketCount | _int_ | {html}Sets the number of hash buckets to use for the message group
functionality. This is only applicable to using message groups to
parallelize processing of a queue while preserving order across an
individual JMSXGroupID header value. This value sets the number of hash
buckets that will be used (i.e. the maximum possible concurrency).{html} |

{anchor:mirroredQueue-element}
h3. The _[<mirroredQueue>|#mirroredQueue-element]_ Element
    {html}Creates <a href="http://activemq.org/site/mirrored-queues.html">Mirrored
Queue</a> using a prefix and postfix to define the topic name on which to mirror the queue to.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | brokerService | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService|#org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | copyMessage | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether a copy of the message will be sent to each destination.
Defaults to true so that the forward destination is set as the
destination of the message{html} |
    | postfix | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets any postix used to identify the queue consumers{html} |
    | prefix | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the prefix wildcard used to identify the queue consumers for a given
topic{html} |

{anchor:multicastNetworkConnector-element}
h3. The _[<multicastNetworkConnector>|#multicastNetworkConnector-element]_ Element
    {html}A network connector which uses some kind of multicast-like transport that
communicates with potentially many remote brokers over a single logical
{@link Transport} instance such as when using multicast.

This implementation does not depend on multicast at all; any other group
based transport could be used.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | bridge | _[org.apache.activemq.network.DemandForwardingBridgeSupport|#org.apache.activemq.network.DemandForwardingBridgeSupport-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | bridgeTempDestinations | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | brokerName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | brokerService | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService|#org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | conduitSubscriptions | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | connectionFilter | _org.apache.activemq.network.ConnectionFilter_ | {html}{html} |
    | decreaseNetworkConsumerPriority | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | destinationFilter | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | dispatchAsync | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | duplex | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | durableDestinations | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | dynamicOnly | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | dynamicallyIncludedDestinations | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | excludedDestinations | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | localTransport | _org.apache.activemq.transport.Transport_ | {html}{html} |
    | localUri | _java.net.URI_ | {html}{html} |
    | name | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | networkTTL | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | objectName | _javax.management.ObjectName_ | {html}{html} |
    | password | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | prefetchSize | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | remoteTransport | _org.apache.activemq.transport.Transport_ | {html}Sets the remote transport implementation{html} |
    | remoteURI | _java.net.URI_ | {html}Sets the remote transport URI to some group transport like
<code>multicast://address:port</code>{html} |
    | staticallyIncludedDestinations | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | userName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:multicastTraceBrokerPlugin-element}
h3. The _[<multicastTraceBrokerPlugin>|#multicastTraceBrokerPlugin-element]_ Element
    {html}A Broker interceptor which allows you to trace all operations to a Multicast
socket.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | address | _java.net.SocketAddress_ | {html}{html} |
    | adminConnectionContext | _org.apache.activemq.broker.ConnectionContext_ | {html}{html} |
    | broadcast | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | destination | _java.net.URI_ | {html}{html} |
    | maxTraceDatagramSize | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | next | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.Broker|#org.apache.activemq.broker.Broker-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | timeToLive | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | wireFormat | _org.apache.activemq.wireformat.WireFormat_ | {html}{html} |
    | wireFormatFactory | _org.apache.activemq.wireformat.WireFormatFactory_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:networkConnector-element}
h3. The _[<networkConnector>|#networkConnector-element]_ Element
    {html}A network connector which uses a discovery agent to detect the remote brokers
available and setup a connection to each available remote broker{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | bridgeTempDestinations | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | brokerName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | brokerService | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService|#org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | conduitSubscriptions | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | connectionFilter | _org.apache.activemq.network.ConnectionFilter_ | {html}{html} |
    | decreaseNetworkConsumerPriority | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | destinationFilter | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | discoveryAgent | _org.apache.activemq.transport.discovery.DiscoveryAgent_ | {html}{html} |
    | discoveryURI | _java.net.URI_ | {html}{html} |
    | dispatchAsync | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | duplex | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | durableDestinations | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | dynamicOnly | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | dynamicallyIncludedDestinations | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | excludedDestinations | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | localUri | _java.net.URI_ | {html}{html} |
    | name | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | networkTTL | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | objectName | _javax.management.ObjectName_ | {html}{html} |
    | password | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | prefetchSize | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | staticallyIncludedDestinations | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | uri | _java.net.URI_ | {html}{html} |
    | userName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:noSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-element}
h3. The _[<noSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy>|#noSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-element]_ Element
    {html}This SubscriptionRecoveryPolicy disable recovery of messages.{html}

{anchor:oldestMessageEvictionStrategy-element}
h3. The _[<oldestMessageEvictionStrategy>|#oldestMessageEvictionStrategy-element]_ Element
    {html}An eviction strategy which evicts the oldest message first (which is the
default).{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | evictExpiredMessagesHighWatermark | _int_ | {html}Sets the high water mark on which we will eagerly evict expired messages from RAM{html} |

{anchor:oldestMessageWithLowestPriorityEvictionStrategy-element}
h3. The _[<oldestMessageWithLowestPriorityEvictionStrategy>|#oldestMessageWithLowestPriorityEvictionStrategy-element]_ Element
    {html}An eviction strategy which evicts the oldest message with the lowest priority first.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | evictExpiredMessagesHighWatermark | _int_ | {html}Sets the high water mark on which we will eagerly evict expired messages from RAM{html} |

{anchor:oracleJDBCAdapter-element}
h3. The _[<oracleJDBCAdapter>|#oracleJDBCAdapter-element]_ Element
    {html}Implements all the default JDBC operations that are used
by the JDBCPersistenceAdapter.
<p/>
Subclassing is encouraged to override the default
implementation of methods to account for differences
in JDBC Driver implementations.
<p/>
The JDBCAdapter inserts and extracts BLOB data using the
getBytes()/setBytes() operations.
<p/>
The databases/JDBC drivers that use this adapter are:
<ul>
<li></li>
</ul>{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | batchStatments | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | statements | _[org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements|#org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | useExternalMessageReferences | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:outboundQueueBridge-element}
h3. The _[<outboundQueueBridge>|#outboundQueueBridge-element]_ Element
    {html}Create an Outbound Queue Bridge{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | consumer | _javax.jms.MessageConsumer_ | {html}{html} |
    | consumerConnection | _javax.jms.QueueConnection_ | {html}{html} |
    | consumerQueue | _[javax.jms.Queue|#javax.jms.Queue-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | doHandleReplyTo | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | jmsConnector | _[org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsConnector|#org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsConnector-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | jmsMessageConvertor | _[org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsMesageConvertor|#org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsMesageConvertor-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | localQueueName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | maximumRetries | _int_ | {html}Sets the maximum number of retries if a send fails before closing the
bridge{html} |
    | outboundQueueName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | producerConnection | _javax.jms.QueueConnection_ | {html}{html} |
    | producerQueue | _[javax.jms.Queue|#javax.jms.Queue-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | selector | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:outboundTopicBridge-element}
h3. The _[<outboundTopicBridge>|#outboundTopicBridge-element]_ Element
    {html}Create an Outbound Topic Bridge{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | consumer | _javax.jms.MessageConsumer_ | {html}{html} |
    | consumerConnection | _javax.jms.TopicConnection_ | {html}{html} |
    | consumerName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | consumerTopic | _[javax.jms.Topic|#javax.jms.Topic-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | doHandleReplyTo | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | jmsConnector | _[org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsConnector|#org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsConnector-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | jmsMessageConvertor | _[org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsMesageConvertor|#org.apache.activemq.network.jms.JmsMesageConvertor-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | localTopicName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | maximumRetries | _int_ | {html}Sets the maximum number of retries if a send fails before closing the
bridge{html} |
    | outboundTopicName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | producerConnection | _javax.jms.TopicConnection_ | {html}{html} |
    | producerTopic | _[javax.jms.Topic|#javax.jms.Topic-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | selector | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:policyEntry-element}
h3. The _[<policyEntry>|#policyEntry-element]_ Element
    {html}Represents an entry in a {@link PolicyMap} for assigning policies to a
specific destination or a hierarchical wildcard area of destinations.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | deadLetterStrategy | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.DeadLetterStrategy|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.DeadLetterStrategy-types]_ | {html}Sets the policy used to determine which dead letter queue destination
should be used{html} |
    | destination | _[org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination|#org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | dispatchPolicy | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.DispatchPolicy|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.DispatchPolicy-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | enableAudit | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | lazyDispatch | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | maxAuditDepth | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | maxPageSize | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | maxProducersToAudit | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | maxQueueAuditDepth | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | memoryLimit | _long_ | {html}{html} |
    | messageEvictionStrategy | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.MessageEvictionStrategy|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.MessageEvictionStrategy-types]_ | {html}Sets the eviction strategy used to decide which message to evict when the
slow consumer needs to discard messages{html} |
    | messageGroupMapFactory | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.group.MessageGroupMapFactory|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.group.MessageGroupMapFactory-types]_ | {html}Sets the factory used to create new instances of {MessageGroupMap} used
to implement the <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/message-groups.html">Message Groups</a>
functionality.{html} |
    | minimumMessageSize | _long_ | {html}{html} |
    | optimizedDispatch | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | pendingDurableSubscriberPolicy | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PendingDurableSubscriberMessageStoragePolicy|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PendingDurableSubscriberMessageStoragePolicy-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | pendingMessageLimitStrategy | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PendingMessageLimitStrategy|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PendingMessageLimitStrategy-types]_ | {html}Sets the strategy to calculate the maximum number of messages that are
allowed to be pending on consumers (in addition to their prefetch sizes).
Once the limit is reached, non-durable topics can then start discarding
old messages. This allows us to keep dispatching messages to slow
consumers while not blocking fast consumers and discarding the messages
oldest first.{html} |
    | pendingQueuePolicy | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PendingQueueMessageStoragePolicy|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PendingQueueMessageStoragePolicy-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | pendingSubscriberPolicy | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PendingSubscriberMessageStoragePolicy|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PendingSubscriberMessageStoragePolicy-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | producerFlowControl | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | queue | _java.lang.String_ | {html}A helper method to set the destination from a configuration file{html} |
    | sendAdvisoryIfNoConsumers | _boolean_ | {html}Sends an advisory message if a non-persistent message is sent and there
are no active consumers{html} |
    | strictOrderDispatch | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | subscriptionRecoveryPolicy | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.SubscriptionRecoveryPolicy|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.SubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | topic | _java.lang.String_ | {html}A helper method to set the destination from a configuration file{html} |
    | useCache | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | useConsumerPriority | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:policyMap-element}
h3. The _[<policyMap>|#policyMap-element]_ Element
    {html}Represents a destination based configuration of policies so that individual
destinations or wildcard hierarchies of destinations can be configured using
different policies.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | defaultEntry | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PolicyEntry|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.PolicyEntry-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | entries | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}A helper method to allow the destination map to be populated from a
dependency injection framework such as Spring{html} |
    | policyEntries | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}Sets the individual entries on the policy map{html} |

{anchor:prefetchPolicy-element}
h3. The _[<prefetchPolicy>|#prefetchPolicy-element]_ Element
    {html}Defines the prefetch message policies for different types of consumers{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | all | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | durableTopicPrefetch | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | inputStreamPrefetch | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | maximumPendingMessageLimit | _int_ | {html}Sets how many messages a broker will keep around, above the prefetch
limit, for non-durable topics before starting to discard older messages.{html} |
    | optimizeDurableTopicPrefetch | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | queueBrowserPrefetch | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | queuePrefetch | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | topicPrefetch | _int_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:prefetchRatePendingMessageLimitStrategy-element}
h3. The _[<prefetchRatePendingMessageLimitStrategy>|#prefetchRatePendingMessageLimitStrategy-element]_ Element
    {html}This PendingMessageLimitStrategy sets the maximum pending message limit value to be
a multiplier of the prefetch limit of the subscription.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | multiplier | _double_ | {html}Sets the multiplier of the prefetch size which will be used to define the maximum number of pending
messages for non-durable topics before messages are discarded.{html} |

{anchor:proxyConnector-element}
h3. The _[<proxyConnector>|#proxyConnector-element]_ Element
    {html}{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | bind | _java.net.URI_ | {html}{html} |
    | localUri | _java.net.URI_ | {html}{html} |
    | name | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | remote | _java.net.URI_ | {html}{html} |
    | server | _org.apache.activemq.transport.TransportServer_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:queryBasedSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-element}
h3. The _[<queryBasedSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy>|#queryBasedSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-element]_ Element
    {html}This implementation of {@link SubscriptionRecoveryPolicy} will perform a user
specific query mechanism to load any messages they may have missed.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | query | _org.apache.activemq.broker.region.policy.MessageQuery_ | {html}Sets the query strategy to load initial messages{html} |

{anchor:queue-element}
h3. The _[<queue>|#queue-element]_ Element
    {html}An ActiveMQ Queue{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | compositeDestinations | (_[org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination|#org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination-types]_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | name | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | physicalName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | properties | _java.util.Properties_ | {html}Get the properties from this instance for storing in JNDI{html} |

{anchor:queueDispatchSelector-element}
h3. The _[<queueDispatchSelector>|#queueDispatchSelector-element]_ Element
    {html}Queue dispatch policy that determines if a message can be sent to a subscription{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | destination | _[org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination|#org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | exclusiveConsumer | _org.apache.activemq.broker.region.Subscription_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:redeliveryPolicy-element}
h3. The _[<redeliveryPolicy>|#redeliveryPolicy-element]_ Element
    {html}Configuration options used to control how messages are re-delivered when they
are rolled back.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | backOffMultiplier | _short_ | {html}{html} |
    | collisionAvoidancePercent | _short_ | {html}{html} |
    | initialRedeliveryDelay | _long_ | {html}{html} |
    | maximumRedeliveries | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | useCollisionAvoidance | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | useExponentialBackOff | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:roundRobinDispatchPolicy-element}
h3. The _[<roundRobinDispatchPolicy>|#roundRobinDispatchPolicy-element]_ Element
    {html}Simple dispatch policy that sends a message to every subscription that
matches the message.{html}

{anchor:sharedDeadLetterStrategy-element}
h3. The _[<sharedDeadLetterStrategy>|#sharedDeadLetterStrategy-element]_ Element
    {html}A default implementation of {@link DeadLetterStrategy} which uses
a constant destination.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | deadLetterQueue | _[org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination|#org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | processExpired | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | processNonPersistent | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:simpleAuthenticationPlugin-element}
h3. The _[<simpleAuthenticationPlugin>|#simpleAuthenticationPlugin-element]_ Element
    {html}Provides a simple authentication plugin{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | userGroups | _java.util.Map_ | {html}Sets the groups a user is in. The key is the user name and the value is a
Set of groups{html} |
    | userPasswords | _java.util.Map_ | {html}Sets the map indexed by user name with the value the password{html} |
    | users | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}Sets individual users for authentication{html} |

{anchor:simpleAuthorizationMap-element}
h3. The _[<simpleAuthorizationMap>|#simpleAuthorizationMap-element]_ Element
    {html}An AuthorizationMap which is configured with individual DestinationMaps for
each operation.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | adminACLs | _[org.apache.activemq.filter.DestinationMap|#org.apache.activemq.filter.DestinationMap-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | readACLs | _[org.apache.activemq.filter.DestinationMap|#org.apache.activemq.filter.DestinationMap-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | tempDestinationAuthorizationEntry | _[org.apache.activemq.security.TempDestinationAuthorizationEntry|#org.apache.activemq.security.TempDestinationAuthorizationEntry-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | writeACLs | _[org.apache.activemq.filter.DestinationMap|#org.apache.activemq.filter.DestinationMap-types]_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:simpleDispatchPolicy-element}
h3. The _[<simpleDispatchPolicy>|#simpleDispatchPolicy-element]_ Element
    {html}Simple dispatch policy that sends a message to every subscription that
matches the message.{html}

{anchor:simpleDispatchSelector-element}
h3. The _[<simpleDispatchSelector>|#simpleDispatchSelector-element]_ Element
    {html}Simple dispatch policy that determines if a message can be sent to a subscription{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | destination | _[org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination|#org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination-types]_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:simpleJmsMessageConvertor-element}
h3. The _[<simpleJmsMessageConvertor>|#simpleJmsMessageConvertor-element]_ Element
    {html}Converts Message from one JMS to another{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | connection | _javax.jms.Connection_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:simpleMessageGroupMapFactory-element}
h3. The _[<simpleMessageGroupMapFactory>|#simpleMessageGroupMapFactory-element]_ Element
    {html}A factory to create instances of {@link SimpleMessageGroupMap} when implementing the
<a href="http://activemq.apache.org/message-groups.html">Message Groups</a> functionality.{html}

{anchor:statements-element}
h3. The _[<statements>|#statements-element]_ Element
    {html}{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | addMessageStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | binaryDataType | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | containerNameDataType | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | createDurableSubStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | createSchemaStatements | (_java.lang.String_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | deleteOldMessagesStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | deleteSubscriptionStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | destinationMessageCountStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | dropSchemaStatements | (_java.lang.String_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | durableSubAcksTableName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | durableSubscriberMessageCountStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | findAllDestinationsStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | findAllDurableSubMessagesStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | findAllDurableSubsStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | findAllMessagesStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | findDurableSubMessagesStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | findDurableSubStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | findLastSequenceIdInAcksStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | findLastSequenceIdInMsgsStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | findMessageSequenceIdStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | findMessageStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | findNextMessagesStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | lastAckedDurableSubscriberMessageStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | lockCreateStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | lockTableName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | lockUpdateStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | longDataType | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | messageTableName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | msgIdDataType | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | nextDurableSubscriberMessageStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | removeAllMessagesStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | removeAllSubscriptionsStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | removeMessageStatment | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | sequenceDataType | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | stringIdDataType | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | tablePrefix | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | updateLastAckOfDurableSubStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | updateMessageStatement | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | useExternalMessageReferences | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | useLockCreateWhereClause | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:storeCursor-element}
h3. The _[<storeCursor>|#storeCursor-element]_ Element
    {html}Pending messages{html}

{anchor:storeDurableSubscriberCursor-element}
h3. The _[<storeDurableSubscriberCursor>|#storeDurableSubscriberCursor-element]_ Element
    {html}Pending messages for a durable{html}

{anchor:storeUsage-element}
h3. The _[<storeUsage>|#storeUsage-element]_ Element
    {html}Used to keep track of how much of something is being used so that a
productive working set usage can be controlled. Main use case is manage
memory usage.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | limit | _long_ | {html}Sets the memory limit in bytes. Setting the limit in bytes will set the
usagePortion to 0 since the UsageManager is not going to be portion based
off the parent. When set using XBean, you can use values such as: "20
mb", "1024 kb", or "1 gb"{html} |
    | limiter | _[org.apache.activemq.usage.UsageCapacity|#org.apache.activemq.usage.UsageCapacity-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | name | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | parent | _T_ | {html}{html} |
    | percentUsage | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | percentUsageMinDelta | _int_ | {html}Sets the minimum number of percentage points the usage has to change
before a UsageListener event is fired by the manager.{html} |
    | pollingTime | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | store | _[org.apache.activemq.store.PersistenceAdapter|#org.apache.activemq.store.PersistenceAdapter-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | usagePortion | _float_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:streamJDBCAdapter-element}
h3. The _[<streamJDBCAdapter>|#streamJDBCAdapter-element]_ Element
    {html}This JDBCAdapter inserts and extracts BLOB data using the
setBinaryStream()/getBinaryStream() operations.

The databases/JDBC drivers that use this adapter are:
<ul>
<li>Axion</li>
</ul>{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | batchStatments | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | statements | _[org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements|#org.apache.activemq.store.jdbc.Statements-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | useExternalMessageReferences | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:strictOrderDispatchPolicy-element}
h3. The _[<strictOrderDispatchPolicy>|#strictOrderDispatchPolicy-element]_ Element
    {html}Dispatch policy that causes every subscription to see messages in the same
order.{html}

{anchor:systemUsage-element}
h3. The _[<systemUsage>|#systemUsage-element]_ Element
    {html}Holder for Usage instances for memory, store and temp files Main use case is
manage memory usage.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | adapter | _[org.apache.activemq.store.PersistenceAdapter|#org.apache.activemq.store.PersistenceAdapter-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | memoryUsage | _[org.apache.activemq.usage.MemoryUsage|#org.apache.activemq.usage.MemoryUsage-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | name | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | parent | _[org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage|#org.apache.activemq.usage.SystemUsage-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | sendFailIfNoSpace | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether or not a send() should fail if there is no space free. The
default value is false which means to block the send() method until space
becomes available{html} |
    | sendFailIfNoSpaceExplicitySet | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | storeUsage | _[org.apache.activemq.usage.StoreUsage|#org.apache.activemq.usage.StoreUsage-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | tempStore | _org.apache.activemq.kaha.Store_ | {html}{html} |
    | tempUsage | _[org.apache.activemq.usage.TempUsage|#org.apache.activemq.usage.TempUsage-types]_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:tempDestinationAuthorizationEntry-element}
h3. The _[<tempDestinationAuthorizationEntry>|#tempDestinationAuthorizationEntry-element]_ Element
    {html}Represents an entry in a {@link DefaultAuthorizationMap} for assigning
different operations (read, write, admin) of user roles to a temporary
destination{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | admin | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | adminACLs | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | destination | _[org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination|#org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | groupClass | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | queue | _java.lang.String_ | {html}A helper method to set the destination from a configuration file{html} |
    | read | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | readACLs | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | topic | _java.lang.String_ | {html}A helper method to set the destination from a configuration file{html} |
    | write | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | writeACLs | (_java.lang.Object_)\* | {html}{html} |

{anchor:tempUsage-element}
h3. The _[<tempUsage>|#tempUsage-element]_ Element
    {html}Used to keep track of how much of something is being used so that a
productive working set usage can be controlled. Main use case is manage
memory usage.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | limit | _long_ | {html}Sets the memory limit in bytes. Setting the limit in bytes will set the
usagePortion to 0 since the UsageManager is not going to be portion based
off the parent. When set using XBean, you can use values such as: "20
mb", "1024 kb", or "1 gb"{html} |
    | limiter | _[org.apache.activemq.usage.UsageCapacity|#org.apache.activemq.usage.UsageCapacity-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | name | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | parent | _T_ | {html}{html} |
    | percentUsage | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | percentUsageMinDelta | _int_ | {html}Sets the minimum number of percentage points the usage has to change
before a UsageListener event is fired by the manager.{html} |
    | pollingTime | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | store | _org.apache.activemq.kaha.Store_ | {html}{html} |
    | usagePortion | _float_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:timeStampingBrokerPlugin-element}
h3. The _[<timeStampingBrokerPlugin>|#timeStampingBrokerPlugin-element]_ Element
    {html}A Broker interceptor which updates a JMS Client's timestamp on the message
with a broker timestamp. Useful when the clocks on client machines are known
to not be correct and you can only trust the time set on the broker machines.

Enabling this plugin will break JMS compliance since the timestamp that the
producer sees on the messages after as send() will be different from the
timestamp the consumer will observe when he receives the message. This plugin
is not enabled in the default ActiveMQ configuration.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | adminConnectionContext | _org.apache.activemq.broker.ConnectionContext_ | {html}{html} |
    | next | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.Broker|#org.apache.activemq.broker.Broker-types]_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:timedSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-element}
h3. The _[<timedSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy>|#timedSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-element]_ Element
    {html}This implementation of {@link SubscriptionRecoveryPolicy} will keep a timed
buffer of messages around in memory and use that to recover new
subscriptions.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | recoverDuration | _long_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:topic-element}
h3. The _[<topic>|#topic-element]_ Element
    {html}An ActiveMQ Topic{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | compositeDestinations | (_[org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination|#org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQDestination-types]_)\* | {html}{html} |
    | name | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | physicalName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | properties | _java.util.Properties_ | {html}Get the properties from this instance for storing in JNDI{html} |

{anchor:transportConnector-element}
h3. The _[<transportConnector>|#transportConnector-element]_ Element
    {html}{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | brokerInfo | _org.apache.activemq.command.BrokerInfo_ | {html}{html} |
    | brokerService | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService|#org.apache.activemq.broker.BrokerService-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | connectUri | _java.net.URI_ | {html}{html} |
    | disableAsyncDispatch | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | discoveryAgent | _org.apache.activemq.transport.discovery.DiscoveryAgent_ | {html}{html} |
    | discoveryUri | _java.net.URI_ | {html}{html} |
    | enableStatusMonitor | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | messageAuthorizationPolicy | _org.apache.activemq.security.MessageAuthorizationPolicy_ | {html}Sets the policy used to decide if the current connection is authorized to
consume a given message{html} |
    | name | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | server | _org.apache.activemq.transport.TransportServer_ | {html}{html} |
    | taskRunnerFactory | _org.apache.activemq.thread.TaskRunnerFactory_ | {html}{html} |
    | uri | _java.net.URI_ | {html}Sets the server transport URI to use if there is not a
{@link TransportServer} configured via the
{@link #setServer(TransportServer)} method. This value is used to lazy
create a {@link TransportServer} instance{html} |

{anchor:udpTraceBrokerPlugin-element}
h3. The _[<udpTraceBrokerPlugin>|#udpTraceBrokerPlugin-element]_ Element
    {html}A Broker interceptor which allows you to trace all operations to a UDP
socket.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | address | _java.net.SocketAddress_ | {html}{html} |
    | adminConnectionContext | _org.apache.activemq.broker.ConnectionContext_ | {html}{html} |
    | broadcast | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | destination | _java.net.URI_ | {html}{html} |
    | maxTraceDatagramSize | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | next | _[org.apache.activemq.broker.Broker|#org.apache.activemq.broker.Broker-types]_ | {html}{html} |
    | wireFormat | _org.apache.activemq.wireformat.WireFormat_ | {html}{html} |
    | wireFormatFactory | _org.apache.activemq.wireformat.WireFormatFactory_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:usageCapacity-element}
h3. The _[<usageCapacity>|#usageCapacity-element]_ Element
    {html}Identify if a limit has been reached{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | limit | _long_ | {html}{html} |

{anchor:virtualDestinationInterceptor-element}
h3. The _[<virtualDestinationInterceptor>|#virtualDestinationInterceptor-element]_ Element
    {html}Implements <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/virtual-destinations.html">Virtual Topics</a>.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | virtualDestinations | (_[org.apache.activemq.broker.region.virtual.VirtualDestination|#org.apache.activemq.broker.region.virtual.VirtualDestination-types]_)\* | {html}{html} |

{anchor:virtualTopic-element}
h3. The _[<virtualTopic>|#virtualTopic-element]_ Element
    {html}Creates <a href="http://activemq.org/site/virtual-destinations.html">Virtual
Topics</a> using a prefix and postfix. The virtual destination creates a
wildcard that is then used to look up all active queue subscriptions which
match.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | name | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | postfix | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets any postix used to identify the queue consumers{html} |
    | prefix | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the prefix wildcard used to identify the queue consumers for a given
topic{html} |

{anchor:vmCursor-element}
h3. The _[<vmCursor>|#vmCursor-element]_ Element
    {html}Pending messages held{html}

{anchor:vmDurableCursor-element}
h3. The _[<vmDurableCursor>|#vmDurableCursor-element]_ Element
    {html}Pending{html}

{anchor:vmQueueCursor-element}
h3. The _[<vmQueueCursor>|#vmQueueCursor-element]_ Element
    {html}Pending messages{html}

{anchor:xaConnectionFactory-element}
h3. The _[<xaConnectionFactory>|#xaConnectionFactory-element]_ Element
    {html}A <a href="http://www.springframework.org/">Spring</a> enhanced XA connection
factory which will automatically use the Spring bean name as the clientIDPrefix property
so that connections created have client IDs related to your Spring.xml file for
easier comprehension from <a href="http://activemq.apache.org/jmx.html">JMX</a>.{html}
h4. Properties
    || Property Name || Type || Description ||
    | alwaysSessionAsync | _boolean_ | {html}If this flag is set then a separate thread is not used for dispatching
messages for each Session in the Connection. However, a separate thread
is always used if there is more than one session, or the session isn't in
auto acknowledge or duplicates ok mode{html} |
    | alwaysSyncSend | _boolean_ | {html}Set true if always require messages to be sync sent{html} |
    | beanName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}{html} |
    | blobTransferPolicy | _org.apache.activemq.blob.BlobTransferPolicy_ | {html}Sets the policy used to describe how out-of-band BLOBs (Binary Large
OBjects) are transferred from producers to brokers to consumers{html} |
    | brokerURL | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/configuring-transports.html">connection
URL</a> used to connect to the ActiveMQ broker.{html} |
    | clientID | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the JMS clientID to use for the created connection. Note that this
can only be used by one connection at once so generally its a better idea
to set the clientID on a Connection{html} |
    | clientIDPrefix | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the prefix used by autogenerated JMS Client ID values which are used
if the JMS client does not explicitly specify on.{html} |
    | clientIdGenerator | _org.apache.activemq.util.IdGenerator_ | {html}{html} |
    | closeTimeout | _int_ | {html}Sets the timeout before a close is considered complete. Normally a
close() on a connection waits for confirmation from the broker; this
allows that operation to timeout to save the client hanging if there is
no broker{html} |
    | copyMessageOnSend | _boolean_ | {html}Should a JMS message be copied to a new JMS Message object as part of the
send() method in JMS. This is enabled by default to be compliant with the
JMS specification. You can disable it if you do not mutate JMS messages
after they are sent for a performance boost{html} |
    | disableTimeStampsByDefault | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether or not timestamps on messages should be disabled or not. If
you disable them it adds a small performance boost.{html} |
    | dispatchAsync | _boolean_ | {html}Enables or disables the default setting of whether or not consumers have
their messages <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/consumer-dispatch-async.html">dispatched
synchronously or asynchronously by the broker</a>. For non-durable
topics for example we typically dispatch synchronously by default to
minimize context switches which boost performance. However sometimes its
better to go slower to ensure that a single blocked consumer socket does
not block delivery to other consumers.{html} |
    | exclusiveConsumer | _boolean_ | {html}Enables or disables whether or not queue consumers should be exclusive or
not for example to preserve ordering when not using <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/message-groups.html">Message Groups</a>{html} |
    | nestedMapAndListEnabled | _boolean_ | {html}Enables/disables whether or not Message properties and MapMessage entries
support <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/structured-message-properties-and-mapmessages.html">Nested
Structures</a> of Map and List objects{html} |
    | objectMessageSerializationDefered | _boolean_ | {html}When an object is set on an ObjectMessage, the JMS spec requires the
object to be serialized by that set method. Enabling this flag causes the
object to not get serialized. The object may subsequently get serialized
if the message needs to be sent over a socket or stored to disk.{html} |
    | optimizeAcknowledge | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | optimizedMessageDispatch | _boolean_ | {html}If this flag is set then an larger prefetch limit is used - only
applicable for durable topic subscribers.{html} |
    | password | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the JMS password used for connections created from this factory{html} |
    | prefetchPolicy | _[org.apache.activemq.ActiveMQPrefetchPolicy|#org.apache.activemq.ActiveMQPrefetchPolicy-types]_ | {html}Sets the <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/what-is-the-prefetch-limit-for.html">prefetch
policy</a> for consumers created by this connection.{html} |
    | producerWindowSize | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | properties | _java.util.Properties_ | {html}Get the properties from this instance for storing in JNDI{html} |
    | redeliveryPolicy | _[org.apache.activemq.RedeliveryPolicy|#org.apache.activemq.RedeliveryPolicy-types]_ | {html}Sets the global redelivery policy to be used when a message is delivered
but the session is rolled back{html} |
    | sendTimeout | _int_ | {html}{html} |
    | statsEnabled | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | transformer | _org.apache.activemq.MessageTransformer_ | {html}Sets the transformer used to transform messages before they are sent on
to the JMS bus or when they are received from the bus but before they are
delivered to the JMS client{html} |
    | transportListener | _org.apache.activemq.transport.TransportListener_ | {html}Allows a listener to be configured on the ConnectionFactory so that when this factory is used
with frameworks which don't expose the Connection such as Spring JmsTemplate, you can still register
a transport listener.{html} |
    | useAsyncSend | _boolean_ | {html}Forces the use of <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/async-sends.html">Async Sends</a> which
adds a massive performance boost; but means that the send() method will
return immediately whether the message has been sent or not which could
lead to message loss.{html} |
    | useBeanNameAsClientIdPrefix | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |
    | useCompression | _boolean_ | {html}Enables the use of compression of the message bodies{html} |
    | useRetroactiveConsumer | _boolean_ | {html}Sets whether or not retroactive consumers are enabled. Retroactive
consumers allow non-durable topic subscribers to receive old messages
that were published before the non-durable subscriber started.{html} |
    | userName | _java.lang.String_ | {html}Sets the JMS userName used by connections created by this factory{html} |
    | warnAboutUnstartedConnectionTimeout | _long_ | {html}Enables the timeout from a connection creation to when a warning is
generated if the connection is not properly started via
{@link Connection#start()} and a message is received by a consumer. It is
a very common gotcha to forget to <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/i-am-not-receiving-any-messages-what-is-wrong.html">start
the connection</a> so this option makes the default case to create a
warning if the user forgets. To disable the warning just set the value to <
0 (say -1).{html} |
    | watchTopicAdvisories | _boolean_ | {html}{html} |

h3. Element Index
    | _[<amqPersistenceAdapter>|#amqPersistenceAdapter-element]_ | {html}An implementation of {@link PersistenceAdapter} designed for use with a
{@link Journal} and then check pointing asynchronously on a timeout with some
other long term persistent storage.{html} |
    | _[<amqPersistenceAdapterFactory>|#amqPersistenceAdapterFactory-element]_ | {html}An implementation of {@link PersistenceAdapterFactory}{html} |
    | _[<authenticationUser>|#authenticationUser-element]_ | {html}A helper object used to configure simple authentiaction plugin{html} |
    | _[<authorizationEntry>|#authorizationEntry-element]_ | {html}Represents an entry in a {@link DefaultAuthorizationMap} for assigning
different operations (read, write, admin) of user roles to a specific
destination or a hierarchical wildcard area of destinations.{html} |
    | _[<authorizationMap>|#authorizationMap-element]_ | {html}Represents a destination based configuration of policies so that individual
destinations or wildcard hierarchies of destinations can be configured using
different policies. Each entry in the map represents the authorization ACLs
for each operation.{html} |
    | _[<authorizationPlugin>|#authorizationPlugin-element]_ | {html}An authorization plugin where each operation on a destination is checked
against an authorizationMap{html} |
    | _[<axionJDBCAdapter>|#axionJDBCAdapter-element]_ | {html}Axion specific Adapter.

Axion does not seem to support ALTER statements or sub-selects. This means:
- We cannot auto upgrade the schema was we roll out new versions of ActiveMQ
- We cannot delete durable sub messages that have be acknowledged by all consumers.{html} |
    | _[<blobJDBCAdapter>|#blobJDBCAdapter-element]_ | {html}This JDBCAdapter inserts and extracts BLOB data using the getBlob()/setBlob()
operations. This is a little more involved since to insert a blob you have
to:

1: insert empty blob. 2: select the blob 3: finally update the blob with data
value.

The databases/JDBC drivers that use this adapter are:
<ul>
<li></li>
</ul>{html} |
    | _[<broker>|#broker-element]_ | {html}An ActiveMQ Message Broker. It consists of a number of transport
connectors, network connectors and a bunch of properties which can be used to
configure the broker as its lazily created.{html} |
    | _[<bytesJDBCAdapter>|#bytesJDBCAdapter-element]_ | {html}This JDBCAdapter inserts and extracts BLOB data using the
setBytes()/getBytes() operations. The databases/JDBC drivers that use this
adapter are:{html} |
    | _[<commandAgent>|#commandAgent-element]_ | {html}An agent which listens to commands on a JMS destination{html} |
    | _[<compositeDemandForwardingBridge>|#compositeDemandForwardingBridge-element]_ | {html}A demand forwarding bridge which works with multicast style transports where
a single Transport could be communicating with multiple remote brokers{html} |
    | _[<compositeQueue>|#compositeQueue-element]_ | {html}Represents a virtual queue which forwards to a number of other destinations.{html} |
    | _[<compositeTopic>|#compositeTopic-element]_ | {html}Represents a virtual topic which forwards to a number of other destinations.{html} |
    | _[<connectionDotFilePlugin>|#connectionDotFilePlugin-element]_ | {html}A <a href="http://www.graphviz.org/">DOT</a> file creator plugin which
creates a DOT file showing the current connections{html} |
    | _[<connectionFactory>|#connectionFactory-element]_ | {html}A <a href="http://www.springframework.org/">Spring</a> enhanced connection
factory which will automatically use the Spring bean name as the clientIDPrefix property
so that connections created have client IDs related to your Spring.xml file for
easier comprehension from <a href="http://activemq.apache.org/jmx.html">JMX</a>.{html} |
    | _[<constantPendingMessageLimitStrategy>|#constantPendingMessageLimitStrategy-element]_ | {html}This PendingMessageLimitStrategy is configured to a constant value for all subscriptions.{html} |
    | _[<db2JDBCAdapter>|#db2JDBCAdapter-element]_ | {html}{html} |
    | _[<defaultJDBCAdapter>|#defaultJDBCAdapter-element]_ | {html}Implements all the default JDBC operations that are used by the
JDBCPersistenceAdapter. <p/> sub-classing is encouraged to override the
default implementation of methods to account for differences in JDBC Driver
implementations. <p/> The JDBCAdapter inserts and extracts BLOB data using
the getBytes()/setBytes() operations. <p/> The databases/JDBC drivers that
use this adapter are:
<ul>
<li></li>
</ul>{html} |
    | _[<defaultUsageCapacity>|#defaultUsageCapacity-element]_ | {html}Identify if a limit has been reached{html} |
    | _[<demandForwardingBridge>|#demandForwardingBridge-element]_ | {html}Forwards messages from the local broker to the remote broker based on demand.{html} |
    | _[<destinationDotFilePlugin>|#destinationDotFilePlugin-element]_ | {html}A <a href="http://www.graphviz.org/">DOT</a>
file creator plugin which creates a DOT file showing the current topic & queue hierarchies.{html} |
    | _[<destinationEntry>|#destinationEntry-element]_ | {html}A default entry in a DestinationMap which holds a single value.{html} |
    | _[<fileCursor>|#fileCursor-element]_ | {html}Pending messages{html} |
    | _[<fileDurableSubscriberCursor>|#fileDurableSubscriberCursor-element]_ | {html}Pending messages for durable subscribers{html} |
    | _[<fileQueueCursor>|#fileQueueCursor-element]_ | {html}Pending{html} |
    | _[<filteredDestination>|#filteredDestination-element]_ | {html}Represents a destination which is filtered using some predicate such as a selector
so that messages are only dispatched to the destination if they match the filter.{html} |
    | _[<fixedCountSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy>|#fixedCountSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-element]_ | {html}This implementation of {@link SubscriptionRecoveryPolicy} will keep a fixed
count of last messages.{html} |
    | _[<fixedSizedSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy>|#fixedSizedSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-element]_ | {html}This implementation of {@link SubscriptionRecoveryPolicy} will keep a fixed
amount of memory available in RAM for message history which is evicted in
time order.{html} |
    | _[<forwardingBridge>|#forwardingBridge-element]_ | {html}Forwards all messages from the local broker to the remote broker.{html} |
    | _[<imageBasedJDBCAdaptor>|#imageBasedJDBCAdaptor-element]_ | {html}Provides JDBCAdapter since that uses
IMAGE datatype to hold binary data.

The databases/JDBC drivers that use this adapter are:
<ul>
<li>Sybase</li>
<li>MS SQL</li>
</ul>{html} |
    | _[<inboundQueueBridge>|#inboundQueueBridge-element]_ | {html}Create an Inbound Queue Bridge{html} |
    | _[<inboundTopicBridge>|#inboundTopicBridge-element]_ | {html}Create an Inbound Topic Bridge{html} |
    | _[<individualDeadLetterStrategy>|#individualDeadLetterStrategy-element]_ | {html}A {@link DeadLetterStrategy} where each destination has its own individual
DLQ using the subject naming hierarchy.{html} |
    | _[<informixJDBCAdapter>|#informixJDBCAdapter-element]_ | {html}JDBC Adapter for Informix database.
Because Informix database restricts length of composite primary keys, length of
<i>container name</i> field and <i>subscription id</i> field must be reduced to 150 characters.
Therefore be sure not to use longer names for container name and subscription id than 150 characters.{html} |
    | _[<jaasAuthenticationPlugin>|#jaasAuthenticationPlugin-element]_ | {html}Provides a JAAS based authentication plugin{html} |
    | _[<jaasCertificateAuthenticationPlugin>|#jaasCertificateAuthenticationPlugin-element]_ | {html}Provides a JAAS based SSL certificate authentication plugin{html} |
    | _[<jdbcPersistenceAdapter>|#jdbcPersistenceAdapter-element]_ | {html}A {@link PersistenceAdapter} implementation using JDBC for persistence
storage.

This persistence adapter will correctly remember prepared XA transactions,
but it will not keep track of local transaction commits so that operations
performed against the Message store are done as a single uow.{html} |
    | _[<jmsQueueConnector>|#jmsQueueConnector-element]_ | {html}A Bridge to other JMS Queue providers{html} |
    | _[<jmsTopicConnector>|#jmsTopicConnector-element]_ | {html}A Bridge to other JMS Topic providers{html} |
    | _[<journalPersistenceAdapter>|#journalPersistenceAdapter-element]_ | {html}An implementation of {@link PersistenceAdapter} designed for use with a
{@link Journal} and then check pointing asynchronously on a timeout with some
other long term persistent storage.{html} |
    | _[<journaledJDBC>|#journaledJDBC-element]_ | {html}Creates a default persistence model using the Journal and JDBC{html} |
    | _[<kahaPersistenceAdapter>|#kahaPersistenceAdapter-element]_ | {html}{html} |
    | _[<lDAPAuthorizationMap>|#lDAPAuthorizationMap-element]_ | {html}An {@link AuthorizationMap} which uses LDAP{html} |
    | _[<lastImageSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy>|#lastImageSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-element]_ | {html}This implementation of {@link SubscriptionRecoveryPolicy} will only keep the
last message.{html} |
    | _[<ldapNetworkConnector>|#ldapNetworkConnector-element]_ | {html}class to create dynamic network connectors listed in an directory
server using the LDAP v3 protocol as defined in RFC 2251, the
entries listed in the directory server must implement the ipHost
and ipService objectClasses as defined in RFC 2307.{html} |
    | _[<loggingBrokerPlugin>|#loggingBrokerPlugin-element]_ | {html}A simple Broker interceptor which allows you to enable/disable logging.{html} |
    | _[<managementContext>|#managementContext-element]_ | {html}A Flow provides different dispatch policies within the NMR{html} |
    | _[<masterConnector>|#masterConnector-element]_ | {html}Connects a Slave Broker to a Master when using <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/masterslave.html">Master Slave</a> for High
Availability of messages.{html} |
    | _[<memoryPersistenceAdapter>|#memoryPersistenceAdapter-element]_ | {html}{html} |
    | _[<memoryUsage>|#memoryUsage-element]_ | {html}Used to keep track of how much of something is being used so that a
productive working set usage can be controlled. Main use case is manage
memory usage.{html} |
    | _[<messageGroupHashBucketFactory>|#messageGroupHashBucketFactory-element]_ | {html}A factory to create instances of {@link SimpleMessageGroupMap} when
implementing the <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/message-groups.html">Message
Groups</a> functionality.{html} |
    | _[<mirroredQueue>|#mirroredQueue-element]_ | {html}Creates <a href="http://activemq.org/site/mirrored-queues.html">Mirrored
Queue</a> using a prefix and postfix to define the topic name on which to mirror the queue to.{html} |
    | _[<multicastNetworkConnector>|#multicastNetworkConnector-element]_ | {html}A network connector which uses some kind of multicast-like transport that
communicates with potentially many remote brokers over a single logical
{@link Transport} instance such as when using multicast.

This implementation does not depend on multicast at all; any other group
based transport could be used.{html} |
    | _[<multicastTraceBrokerPlugin>|#multicastTraceBrokerPlugin-element]_ | {html}A Broker interceptor which allows you to trace all operations to a Multicast
socket.{html} |
    | _[<networkConnector>|#networkConnector-element]_ | {html}A network connector which uses a discovery agent to detect the remote brokers
available and setup a connection to each available remote broker{html} |
    | _[<noSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy>|#noSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-element]_ | {html}This SubscriptionRecoveryPolicy disable recovery of messages.{html} |
    | _[<oldestMessageEvictionStrategy>|#oldestMessageEvictionStrategy-element]_ | {html}An eviction strategy which evicts the oldest message first (which is the
default).{html} |
    | _[<oldestMessageWithLowestPriorityEvictionStrategy>|#oldestMessageWithLowestPriorityEvictionStrategy-element]_ | {html}An eviction strategy which evicts the oldest message with the lowest priority first.{html} |
    | _[<oracleJDBCAdapter>|#oracleJDBCAdapter-element]_ | {html}Implements all the default JDBC operations that are used
by the JDBCPersistenceAdapter.
<p/>
Subclassing is encouraged to override the default
implementation of methods to account for differences
in JDBC Driver implementations.
<p/>
The JDBCAdapter inserts and extracts BLOB data using the
getBytes()/setBytes() operations.
<p/>
The databases/JDBC drivers that use this adapter are:
<ul>
<li></li>
</ul>{html} |
    | _[<outboundQueueBridge>|#outboundQueueBridge-element]_ | {html}Create an Outbound Queue Bridge{html} |
    | _[<outboundTopicBridge>|#outboundTopicBridge-element]_ | {html}Create an Outbound Topic Bridge{html} |
    | _[<policyEntry>|#policyEntry-element]_ | {html}Represents an entry in a {@link PolicyMap} for assigning policies to a
specific destination or a hierarchical wildcard area of destinations.{html} |
    | _[<policyMap>|#policyMap-element]_ | {html}Represents a destination based configuration of policies so that individual
destinations or wildcard hierarchies of destinations can be configured using
different policies.{html} |
    | _[<prefetchPolicy>|#prefetchPolicy-element]_ | {html}Defines the prefetch message policies for different types of consumers{html} |
    | _[<prefetchRatePendingMessageLimitStrategy>|#prefetchRatePendingMessageLimitStrategy-element]_ | {html}This PendingMessageLimitStrategy sets the maximum pending message limit value to be
a multiplier of the prefetch limit of the subscription.{html} |
    | _[<proxyConnector>|#proxyConnector-element]_ | {html}{html} |
    | _[<queryBasedSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy>|#queryBasedSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-element]_ | {html}This implementation of {@link SubscriptionRecoveryPolicy} will perform a user
specific query mechanism to load any messages they may have missed.{html} |
    | _[<queue>|#queue-element]_ | {html}An ActiveMQ Queue{html} |
    | _[<queueDispatchSelector>|#queueDispatchSelector-element]_ | {html}Queue dispatch policy that determines if a message can be sent to a subscription{html} |
    | _[<redeliveryPolicy>|#redeliveryPolicy-element]_ | {html}Configuration options used to control how messages are re-delivered when they
are rolled back.{html} |
    | _[<roundRobinDispatchPolicy>|#roundRobinDispatchPolicy-element]_ | {html}Simple dispatch policy that sends a message to every subscription that
matches the message.{html} |
    | _[<sharedDeadLetterStrategy>|#sharedDeadLetterStrategy-element]_ | {html}A default implementation of {@link DeadLetterStrategy} which uses
a constant destination.{html} |
    | _[<simpleAuthenticationPlugin>|#simpleAuthenticationPlugin-element]_ | {html}Provides a simple authentication plugin{html} |
    | _[<simpleAuthorizationMap>|#simpleAuthorizationMap-element]_ | {html}An AuthorizationMap which is configured with individual DestinationMaps for
each operation.{html} |
    | _[<simpleDispatchPolicy>|#simpleDispatchPolicy-element]_ | {html}Simple dispatch policy that sends a message to every subscription that
matches the message.{html} |
    | _[<simpleDispatchSelector>|#simpleDispatchSelector-element]_ | {html}Simple dispatch policy that determines if a message can be sent to a subscription{html} |
    | _[<simpleJmsMessageConvertor>|#simpleJmsMessageConvertor-element]_ | {html}Converts Message from one JMS to another{html} |
    | _[<simpleMessageGroupMapFactory>|#simpleMessageGroupMapFactory-element]_ | {html}A factory to create instances of {@link SimpleMessageGroupMap} when implementing the
<a href="http://activemq.apache.org/message-groups.html">Message Groups</a> functionality.{html} |
    | _[<statements>|#statements-element]_ | {html}{html} |
    | _[<storeCursor>|#storeCursor-element]_ | {html}Pending messages{html} |
    | _[<storeDurableSubscriberCursor>|#storeDurableSubscriberCursor-element]_ | {html}Pending messages for a durable{html} |
    | _[<storeUsage>|#storeUsage-element]_ | {html}Used to keep track of how much of something is being used so that a
productive working set usage can be controlled. Main use case is manage
memory usage.{html} |
    | _[<streamJDBCAdapter>|#streamJDBCAdapter-element]_ | {html}This JDBCAdapter inserts and extracts BLOB data using the
setBinaryStream()/getBinaryStream() operations.

The databases/JDBC drivers that use this adapter are:
<ul>
<li>Axion</li>
</ul>{html} |
    | _[<strictOrderDispatchPolicy>|#strictOrderDispatchPolicy-element]_ | {html}Dispatch policy that causes every subscription to see messages in the same
order.{html} |
    | _[<systemUsage>|#systemUsage-element]_ | {html}Holder for Usage instances for memory, store and temp files Main use case is
manage memory usage.{html} |
    | _[<tempDestinationAuthorizationEntry>|#tempDestinationAuthorizationEntry-element]_ | {html}Represents an entry in a {@link DefaultAuthorizationMap} for assigning
different operations (read, write, admin) of user roles to a temporary
destination{html} |
    | _[<tempUsage>|#tempUsage-element]_ | {html}Used to keep track of how much of something is being used so that a
productive working set usage can be controlled. Main use case is manage
memory usage.{html} |
    | _[<timeStampingBrokerPlugin>|#timeStampingBrokerPlugin-element]_ | {html}A Broker interceptor which updates a JMS Client's timestamp on the message
with a broker timestamp. Useful when the clocks on client machines are known
to not be correct and you can only trust the time set on the broker machines.

Enabling this plugin will break JMS compliance since the timestamp that the
producer sees on the messages after as send() will be different from the
timestamp the consumer will observe when he receives the message. This plugin
is not enabled in the default ActiveMQ configuration.{html} |
    | _[<timedSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy>|#timedSubscriptionRecoveryPolicy-element]_ | {html}This implementation of {@link SubscriptionRecoveryPolicy} will keep a timed
buffer of messages around in memory and use that to recover new
subscriptions.{html} |
    | _[<topic>|#topic-element]_ | {html}An ActiveMQ Topic{html} |
    | _[<transportConnector>|#transportConnector-element]_ | {html}{html} |
    | _[<udpTraceBrokerPlugin>|#udpTraceBrokerPlugin-element]_ | {html}A Broker interceptor which allows you to trace all operations to a UDP
socket.{html} |
    | _[<usageCapacity>|#usageCapacity-element]_ | {html}Identify if a limit has been reached{html} |
    | _[<virtualDestinationInterceptor>|#virtualDestinationInterceptor-element]_ | {html}Implements <a
href="http://activemq.apache.org/virtual-destinations.html">Virtual Topics</a>.{html} |
    | _[<virtualTopic>|#virtualTopic-element]_ | {html}Creates <a href="http://activemq.org/site/virtual-destinations.html">Virtual
Topics</a> using a prefix and postfix. The virtual destination creates a
wildcard that is then used to look up all active queue subscriptions which
match.{html} |
    | _[<vmCursor>|#vmCursor-element]_ | {html}Pending messages held{html} |
    | _[<vmDurableCursor>|#vmDurableCursor-element]_ | {html}Pending{html} |
    | _[<vmQueueCursor>|#vmQueueCursor-element]_ | {html}Pending messages{html} |
    | _[<xaConnectionFactory>|#xaConnectionFactory-element]_ | {html}A <a href="http://www.springframework.org/">Spring</a> enhanced XA connection
factory which will automatically use the Spring bean name as the clientIDPrefix property
so that connections created have client IDs related to your Spring.xml file for
easier comprehension from <a href="http://activemq.apache.org/jmx.html">JMX</a>.{html} |

